[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>we are not demanding that they stop their operations as a precondition for negotiating.  however, it should be clear that we are facing the same situation as before, therefore, we have the same rights and will continue our operations until a cease-fire is agreed.    in caracas we committed ourselves to negotiating and holding talks in order to obtain a cease-fire and the necessary agreements for the benefit of the country and the entire nation.    that is the important issue right now.  we have been fighting without that goal, without having any commitment to negotiate anything.  however, that does not mean that the situation should remain the same.  now there is a new factor, a commitment to negotiate and reach agreements on all those topics.  it is very important that the salvadoran people know the contents of the agenda, that they are fully aware of all the topics to be discussed, and that they know the importance of the timetable agreement for discussions and negotiations.  you journalists can help the people understand problem.    (reporter) (words indistinct) commander, when do you expect the fmln to join the process?    (handal) look, deadlines are not the most important thing right now. what is important now is complying with the agreements to reach political agreements.  that is the main aspect of the geneva agreement.  it is possible that some deadlines will not be met. if deadlines are set and the time for implementing them expires, then this is tantamount to wasting time.  this then leads to steps being demanded that in reality depend on the political agreements that are reached and not the deadlines for reaching them.    therefore, according to the agenda and the timetable agreed to here in caracas, the accent is on the political agreements.  those agreements have to do with changes within the armed forces. everything related to the armed forces must be changed.  every factor concerning the armed forces must be reviewed from a certain point or perspective.  changes are necessary; changes must be made and those changes must be significant. these changes must completely transform the armed forces, beginning with its role and influence in determining the country's policies and guidelines.    we have been presenting proposals in this regard for some time. the topic of democratization is closely linked to the topic of the armed forces, to its purging, its reduction, and in sum, its end.  we believe that the country will not always need the armed forces.  as with any institution or historical factor, it emerges, it is maintained for a certain time, and then it tends to disappear.    the country must have the opportunity to develop. it cannot continue along the same path because this would only represent expenses and a heavy burden for the country.    for several decades, the armed forces have meant absence of liberty, real security, and the impossibility of the civilian society to decide the country's path.  elections have been turned into a mere formality, where those who were not elected run the country.    the country is now going through a drama that has also shocked the international public, the murder of the jesuit priests.  everyone is awaiting the results of the investigations and hoping that those who were responsible for this crime will be punished.  we believe that the case of jesuit priests is really grave; it is a drama that reflects the drama of the salvadoran people's history in the current century. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(656, 659, ' jesuit', 5.30948543548584), (656, 682, ' jesuit priests.  everyone is awaiting the results of the investigations and hoping that those who were responsible for this crime will be', 2.126020908355713), (656, 660, ' jesuit priests', 1.2468189001083374)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>we are not demanding that they stop their operations as a precondition for negotiating.  however, it should be clear that we are facing the same situation as before, therefore, we have the same rights and will continue our operations until a cease-fire is agreed.    in caracas we committed ourselves to negotiating and holding talks in order to obtain a cease-fire and the necessary agreements for the benefit of the country and the entire nation.    that is the important issue right now.  we have been fighting without that goal, without having any commitment to negotiate anything.  however, that does not mean that the situation should remain the same.  now there is a new factor, a commitment to negotiate and reach agreements on all those topics.  it is very important that the salvadoran people know the contents of the agenda, that they are fully aware of all the topics to be discussed, and that they know the importance of the timetable agreement for discussions and negotiations.  you journalists can help the people understand problem.    (reporter) (words indistinct) commander, when do you expect the fmln to join the process?    (handal) look, deadlines are not the most important thing right now. what is important now is complying with the agreements to reach political agreements.  that is the main aspect of the geneva agreement.  it is possible that some deadlines will not be met. if deadlines are set and the time for implementing them expires, then this is tantamount to wasting time.  this then leads to steps being demanded that in reality depend on the political agreements that are reached and not the deadlines for reaching them.    therefore, according to the agenda and the timetable agreed to here in caracas, the accent is on the political agreements.  those agreements have to do with changes within the armed forces. everything related to the armed forces must be changed.  every factor concerning the armed forces must be reviewed from a certain point or perspective.  changes are necessary; changes must be made and those changes must be significant. these changes must completely transform the armed forces, beginning with its role and influence in determining the country's policies and guidelines.    we have been presenting proposals in this regard for some time. the topic of democratization is closely linked to the topic of the armed forces, to its purging, its reduction, and in sum, its end.  we believe that the country will not always need the armed forces.  as with any institution or historical factor, it emerges, it is maintained for a certain time, and then it tends to disappear.    the country must have the opportunity to develop. it cannot continue along the same path because this would only represent expenses and a heavy burden for the country.    for several decades, the armed forces have meant absence of liberty, real security, and the impossibility of the civilian society to decide the country's path.  elections have been turned into a mere formality, where those who were not elected run the country.    the country is now going through a drama that has also shocked the international public, the murder of the jesuit priests.  everyone is awaiting the results of the investigations and hoping that those who were responsible for this crime will be punished.  we believe that the case of jesuit priests is really grave; it is a drama that reflects the drama of the salvadoran people's history in the current century. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(516, 517, ' armed', 4.54201602935791), (516, 518, ' armed forces', 1.7012354135513306), (516, 526, ' armed forces.  as with any institution or historical', -2.267551898956299)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>we are not demanding that they stop their operations as a precondition for negotiating.  however, it should be clear that we are facing the same situation as before, therefore, we have the same rights and will continue our operations until a cease-fire is agreed.    in caracas we committed ourselves to negotiating and holding talks in order to obtain a cease-fire and the necessary agreements for the benefit of the country and the entire nation.    that is the important issue right now.  we have been fighting without that goal, without having any commitment to negotiate anything.  however, that does not mean that the situation should remain the same.  now there is a new factor, a commitment to negotiate and reach agreements on all those topics.  it is very important that the salvadoran people know the contents of the agenda, that they are fully aware of all the topics to be discussed, and that they know the importance of the timetable agreement for discussions and negotiations.  you journalists can help the people understand problem.    (reporter) (words indistinct) commander, when do you expect the fmln to join the process?    (handal) look, deadlines are not the most important thing right now. what is important now is complying with the agreements to reach political agreements.  that is the main aspect of the geneva agreement.  it is possible that some deadlines will not be met. if deadlines are set and the time for implementing them expires, then this is tantamount to wasting time.  this then leads to steps being demanded that in reality depend on the political agreements that are reached and not the deadlines for reaching them.    therefore, according to the agenda and the timetable agreed to here in caracas, the accent is on the political agreements.  those agreements have to do with changes within the armed forces. everything related to the armed forces must be changed.  every factor concerning the armed forces must be reviewed from a certain point or perspective.  changes are necessary; changes must be made and those changes must be significant. these changes must completely transform the armed forces, beginning with its role and influence in determining the country's policies and guidelines.    we have been presenting proposals in this regard for some time. the topic of democratization is closely linked to the topic of the armed forces, to its purging, its reduction, and in sum, its end.  we believe that the country will not always need the armed forces.  as with any institution or historical factor, it emerges, it is maintained for a certain time, and then it tends to disappear.    the country must have the opportunity to develop. it cannot continue along the same path because this would only represent expenses and a heavy burden for the country.    for several decades, the armed forces have meant absence of liberty, real security, and the impossibility of the civilian society to decide the country's path.  elections have been turned into a mere formality, where those who were not elected run the country.    the country is now going through a drama that has also shocked the international public, the murder of the jesuit priests.  everyone is awaiting the results of the investigations and hoping that those who were responsible for this crime will be punished.  we believe that the case of jesuit priests is really grave; it is a drama that reflects the drama of the salvadoran people's history in the current century. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(655, 658, ' jesuit', -1.6221327781677246), (655, 681, ' jesuit priests.  everyone is awaiting the results of the investigations and hoping that those who were responsible for this crime will be', -4.7220683097839355), (655, 682, ' jesuit priests.  everyone is awaiting the results of the investigations and hoping that those who were responsible for this crime will be punished', -5.614365577697754)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>we are not demanding that they stop their operations as a precondition for negotiating.  however, it should be clear that we are facing the same situation as before, therefore, we have the same rights and will continue our operations until a cease-fire is agreed.    in caracas we committed ourselves to negotiating and holding talks in order to obtain a cease-fire and the necessary agreements for the benefit of the country and the entire nation.    that is the important issue right now.  we have been fighting without that goal, without having any commitment to negotiate anything.  however, that does not mean that the situation should remain the same.  now there is a new factor, a commitment to negotiate and reach agreements on all those topics.  it is very important that the salvadoran people know the contents of the agenda, that they are fully aware of all the topics to be discussed, and that they know the importance of the timetable agreement for discussions and negotiations.  you journalists can help the people understand problem.    (reporter) (words indistinct) commander, when do you expect the fmln to join the process?    (handal) look, deadlines are not the most important thing right now. what is important now is complying with the agreements to reach political agreements.  that is the main aspect of the geneva agreement.  it is possible that some deadlines will not be met. if deadlines are set and the time for implementing them expires, then this is tantamount to wasting time.  this then leads to steps being demanded that in reality depend on the political agreements that are reached and not the deadlines for reaching them.    therefore, according to the agenda and the timetable agreed to here in caracas, the accent is on the political agreements.  those agreements have to do with changes within the armed forces. everything related to the armed forces must be changed.  every factor concerning the armed forces must be reviewed from a certain point or perspective.  changes are necessary; changes must be made and those changes must be significant. these changes must completely transform the armed forces, beginning with its role and influence in determining the country's policies and guidelines.    we have been presenting proposals in this regard for some time. the topic of democratization is closely linked to the topic of the armed forces, to its purging, its reduction, and in sum, its end.  we believe that the country will not always need the armed forces.  as with any institution or historical factor, it emerges, it is maintained for a certain time, and then it tends to disappear.    the country must have the opportunity to develop. it cannot continue along the same path because this would only represent expenses and a heavy burden for the country.    for several decades, the armed forces have meant absence of liberty, real security, and the impossibility of the civilian society to decide the country's path.  elections have been turned into a mere formality, where those who were not elected run the country.    the country is now going through a drama that has also shocked the international public, the murder of the jesuit priests.  everyone is awaiting the results of the investigations and hoping that those who were responsible for this crime will be punished.  we believe that the case of jesuit priests is really grave; it is a drama that reflects the drama of the salvadoran people's history in the current century. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(655, 658, ' jesuit', 9.34739875793457), (655, 659, ' jesuit priests', 5.519632816314697), (655, 681, ' jesuit priests.  everyone is awaiting the results of the investigations and hoping that those who were responsible for this crime will be', 3.373192310333252)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>we are not demanding that they stop their operations as a precondition for negotiating.  however, it should be clear that we are facing the same situation as before, therefore, we have the same rights and will continue our operations until a cease-fire is agreed.    in caracas we committed ourselves to negotiating and holding talks in order to obtain a cease-fire and the necessary agreements for the benefit of the country and the entire nation.    that is the important issue right now.  we have been fighting without that goal, without having any commitment to negotiate anything.  however, that does not mean that the situation should remain the same.  now there is a new factor, a commitment to negotiate and reach agreements on all those topics.  it is very important that the salvadoran people know the contents of the agenda, that they are fully aware of all the topics to be discussed, and that they know the importance of the timetable agreement for discussions and negotiations.  you journalists can help the people understand problem.    (reporter) (words indistinct) commander, when do you expect the fmln to join the process?    (handal) look, deadlines are not the most important thing right now. what is important now is complying with the agreements to reach political agreements.  that is the main aspect of the geneva agreement.  it is possible that some deadlines will not be met. if deadlines are set and the time for implementing them expires, then this is tantamount to wasting time.  this then leads to steps being demanded that in reality depend on the political agreements that are reached and not the deadlines for reaching them.    therefore, according to the agenda and the timetable agreed to here in caracas, the accent is on the political agreements.  those agreements have to do with changes within the armed forces. everything related to the armed forces must be changed.  every factor concerning the armed forces must be reviewed from a certain point or perspective.  changes are necessary; changes must be made and those changes must be significant. these changes must completely transform the armed forces, beginning with its role and influence in determining the country's policies and guidelines.    we have been presenting proposals in this regard for some time. the topic of democratization is closely linked to the topic of the armed forces, to its purging, its reduction, and in sum, its end.  we believe that the country will not always need the armed forces.  as with any institution or historical factor, it emerges, it is maintained for a certain time, and then it tends to disappear.    the country must have the opportunity to develop. it cannot continue along the same path because this would only represent expenses and a heavy burden for the country.    for several decades, the armed forces have meant absence of liberty, real security, and the impossibility of the civilian society to decide the country's path.  elections have been turned into a mere formality, where those who were not elected run the country.    the country is now going through a drama that has also shocked the international public, the murder of the jesuit priests.  everyone is awaiting the results of the investigations and hoping that those who were responsible for this crime will be punished.  we believe that the case of jesuit priests is really grave; it is a drama that reflects the drama of the salvadoran people's history in the current century. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(508, 516, ' the country will not always need the armed', 1.461280345916748), (508, 517, ' the country will not always need the armed forces', -0.3062117099761963), (508, 525, ' the country will not always need the armed forces.  as with any institution or historical', -3.241166114807129)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>those accused of the assassination of six jesuits will have a "fair trial" and if found guilty, will be punished whether they are civilians, military, or influential people, supreme court president dr mauricio gutierrez castro said.    the technical investigation commission has determined that some military were reportedly involved in the assassination of the six jesuits and their two maids, which took place at daybreak on 16 november, as reported by president alfredo cristiani on 7 january.    "the local and international community can rest assured the salvadoran judiciary system will not hesitate to enforce the law upon the authors of this horrible crime," dr gutierrez pointed out.    gutierrez said he does not know how many people are involved or their military ranks, because the commission to investigate criminal actions is still conducting investigations and has not presented its report to the tribunal.    however, general prosecutor dr mauricio eduardo colorado maintained that the military suspects "are regrouped and have been put in custody." however, he did not reveal the names or the military ranks of the suspects.    the prosecutor said that the scientific test conducted by the commission to investigate criminal actions and the specialized police working on this case have determined that the crime could have been perpetrated by armed forces members.    "the attorney general office will proceed according to the law and against whoever turns out to be guilty, because it is the constitutional duty of the attorney general\'s office," colorado said.    asked about this issue, justice minister dr oscar alfredo santamaria, president of the commission to investigate criminal actions said: "we understand that the most recent information on this case was announced by the president of the republic a few days ago."  he refused to make any further statements.    new uca (central american university) rector jesuit francisco estrada admitted president alfredo cristiani has taken "a step forward" by unmasking the suspects in this crime, "because his ethic principles do not tolerate such atrocities."    estrada said he understands why cristiani, during his 7 january speech, did not give any names, "because the investigations are still being conducted."  moreover, there must not only be one suspect, but rather several."    before meeting with the reporters, the uca rector met with officials from scotland yard.  a few days ago, he also met spanish, canadian, and u.s.  policemen who, at the government\'s request, are assisting the salvadoran commission in charge of clarifying this case.</s>', 'start_gold': 150, 'end_gold': 162, 'gold': ' gutierrez pointed out.    gutierrez said he', 'candidates': [(38, 44, ' civilians, military, or influential', 10.563701629638672), (38, 45, ' civilians, military, or influential people', 6.335646629333496), (38, 38, '', 6.161690711975098)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>those accused of the assassination of six jesuits will have a "fair trial" and if found guilty, will be punished whether they are civilians, military, or influential people, supreme court president dr mauricio gutierrez castro said.    the technical investigation commission has determined that some military were reportedly involved in the assassination of the six jesuits and their two maids, which took place at daybreak on 16 november, as reported by president alfredo cristiani on 7 january.    "the local and international community can rest assured the salvadoran judiciary system will not hesitate to enforce the law upon the authors of this horrible crime," dr gutierrez pointed out.    gutierrez said he does not know how many people are involved or their military ranks, because the commission to investigate criminal actions is still conducting investigations and has not presented its report to the tribunal.    however, general prosecutor dr mauricio eduardo colorado maintained that the military suspects "are regrouped and have been put in custody." however, he did not reveal the names or the military ranks of the suspects.    the prosecutor said that the scientific test conducted by the commission to investigate criminal actions and the specialized police working on this case have determined that the crime could have been perpetrated by armed forces members.    "the attorney general office will proceed according to the law and against whoever turns out to be guilty, because it is the constitutional duty of the attorney general\'s office," colorado said.    asked about this issue, justice minister dr oscar alfredo santamaria, president of the commission to investigate criminal actions said: "we understand that the most recent information on this case was announced by the president of the republic a few days ago."  he refused to make any further statements.    new uca (central american university) rector jesuit francisco estrada admitted president alfredo cristiani has taken "a step forward" by unmasking the suspects in this crime, "because his ethic principles do not tolerate such atrocities."    estrada said he understands why cristiani, during his 7 january speech, did not give any names, "because the investigations are still being conducted."  moreover, there must not only be one suspect, but rather several."    before meeting with the reporters, the uca rector met with officials from scotland yard.  a few days ago, he also met spanish, canadian, and u.s.  policemen who, at the government\'s request, are assisting the salvadoran commission in charge of clarifying this case.</s>', 'start_gold': 1369, 'end_gold': 1382, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(38, 44, ' civilians, military, or influential', 9.984100341796875), (38, 45, ' civilians, military, or influential people', 6.077850341796875), (38, 38, '', 5.644471168518066)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>those accused of the assassination of six jesuits will have a "fair trial" and if found guilty, will be punished whether they are civilians, military, or influential people, supreme court president dr mauricio gutierrez castro said.    the technical investigation commission has determined that some military were reportedly involved in the assassination of the six jesuits and their two maids, which took place at daybreak on 16 november, as reported by president alfredo cristiani on 7 january.    "the local and international community can rest assured the salvadoran judiciary system will not hesitate to enforce the law upon the authors of this horrible crime," dr gutierrez pointed out.    gutierrez said he does not know how many people are involved or their military ranks, because the commission to investigate criminal actions is still conducting investigations and has not presented its report to the tribunal.    however, general prosecutor dr mauricio eduardo colorado maintained that the military suspects "are regrouped and have been put in custody." however, he did not reveal the names or the military ranks of the suspects.    the prosecutor said that the scientific test conducted by the commission to investigate criminal actions and the specialized police working on this case have determined that the crime could have been perpetrated by armed forces members.    "the attorney general office will proceed according to the law and against whoever turns out to be guilty, because it is the constitutional duty of the attorney general\'s office," colorado said.    asked about this issue, justice minister dr oscar alfredo santamaria, president of the commission to investigate criminal actions said: "we understand that the most recent information on this case was announced by the president of the republic a few days ago."  he refused to make any further statements.    new uca (central american university) rector jesuit francisco estrada admitted president alfredo cristiani has taken "a step forward" by unmasking the suspects in this crime, "because his ethic principles do not tolerate such atrocities."    estrada said he understands why cristiani, during his 7 january speech, did not give any names, "because the investigations are still being conducted."  moreover, there must not only be one suspect, but rather several."    before meeting with the reporters, the uca rector met with officials from scotland yard.  a few days ago, he also met spanish, canadian, and u.s.  policemen who, at the government\'s request, are assisting the salvadoran commission in charge of clarifying this case.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(37, 43, ' civilians, military, or influential', 1.8682233095169067), (37, 39, ' civilians,', -0.9101372957229614), (37, 44, ' civilians, military, or influential people', -0.9921880960464478)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>those accused of the assassination of six jesuits will have a "fair trial" and if found guilty, will be punished whether they are civilians, military, or influential people, supreme court president dr mauricio gutierrez castro said.    the technical investigation commission has determined that some military were reportedly involved in the assassination of the six jesuits and their two maids, which took place at daybreak on 16 november, as reported by president alfredo cristiani on 7 january.    "the local and international community can rest assured the salvadoran judiciary system will not hesitate to enforce the law upon the authors of this horrible crime," dr gutierrez pointed out.    gutierrez said he does not know how many people are involved or their military ranks, because the commission to investigate criminal actions is still conducting investigations and has not presented its report to the tribunal.    however, general prosecutor dr mauricio eduardo colorado maintained that the military suspects "are regrouped and have been put in custody." however, he did not reveal the names or the military ranks of the suspects.    the prosecutor said that the scientific test conducted by the commission to investigate criminal actions and the specialized police working on this case have determined that the crime could have been perpetrated by armed forces members.    "the attorney general office will proceed according to the law and against whoever turns out to be guilty, because it is the constitutional duty of the attorney general\'s office," colorado said.    asked about this issue, justice minister dr oscar alfredo santamaria, president of the commission to investigate criminal actions said: "we understand that the most recent information on this case was announced by the president of the republic a few days ago."  he refused to make any further statements.    new uca (central american university) rector jesuit francisco estrada admitted president alfredo cristiani has taken "a step forward" by unmasking the suspects in this crime, "because his ethic principles do not tolerate such atrocities."    estrada said he understands why cristiani, during his 7 january speech, did not give any names, "because the investigations are still being conducted."  moreover, there must not only be one suspect, but rather several."    before meeting with the reporters, the uca rector met with officials from scotland yard.  a few days ago, he also met spanish, canadian, and u.s.  policemen who, at the government\'s request, are assisting the salvadoran commission in charge of clarifying this case.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(78, 86, ' six jesuits and their two maid', 7.272562026977539), (78, 87, ' six jesuits and their two maids', 3.4348082542419434), (78, 81, ' six jes', 1.0531911849975586)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>those accused of the assassination of six jesuits will have a "fair trial" and if found guilty, will be punished whether they are civilians, military, or influential people, supreme court president dr mauricio gutierrez castro said.    the technical investigation commission has determined that some military were reportedly involved in the assassination of the six jesuits and their two maids, which took place at daybreak on 16 november, as reported by president alfredo cristiani on 7 january.    "the local and international community can rest assured the salvadoran judiciary system will not hesitate to enforce the law upon the authors of this horrible crime," dr gutierrez pointed out.    gutierrez said he does not know how many people are involved or their military ranks, because the commission to investigate criminal actions is still conducting investigations and has not presented its report to the tribunal.    however, general prosecutor dr mauricio eduardo colorado maintained that the military suspects "are regrouped and have been put in custody." however, he did not reveal the names or the military ranks of the suspects.    the prosecutor said that the scientific test conducted by the commission to investigate criminal actions and the specialized police working on this case have determined that the crime could have been perpetrated by armed forces members.    "the attorney general office will proceed according to the law and against whoever turns out to be guilty, because it is the constitutional duty of the attorney general\'s office," colorado said.    asked about this issue, justice minister dr oscar alfredo santamaria, president of the commission to investigate criminal actions said: "we understand that the most recent information on this case was announced by the president of the republic a few days ago."  he refused to make any further statements.    new uca (central american university) rector jesuit francisco estrada admitted president alfredo cristiani has taken "a step forward" by unmasking the suspects in this crime, "because his ethic principles do not tolerate such atrocities."    estrada said he understands why cristiani, during his 7 january speech, did not give any names, "because the investigations are still being conducted."  moreover, there must not only be one suspect, but rather several."    before meeting with the reporters, the uca rector met with officials from scotland yard.  a few days ago, he also met spanish, canadian, and u.s.  policemen who, at the government\'s request, are assisting the salvadoran commission in charge of clarifying this case.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(527, 539, ' spanish, canadian, and u.s. ', 3.135045051574707), (527, 554, " spanish, canadian, and u.s.  policemen who, at the government's request, are assisting the salvadoran", 0.2587130069732666), (527, 537, ' spanish, canadian, and u.s', -0.8296090364456177)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the national police reported today that over 15,000 people have been arrested in lima over the past few hours in a dragnet aimed at uncovering the assassins of former defense minister enrique lopez albujar trint, who was murdered in a terrorist attack yesterday.  the police also stopped 8,000 cars in the search for assassins, who are presumably members of the maoist terrorist organization shining path.    lopez albujar, who left his post at the ministry in may 1989, was riddled with bullets as he was getting out of his car in the lima residential district of san isidro.  lopez albujar, 63, was retired.  he was driving without an escort.    according to the sources, the car in which the criminals fled was abandoned in surquillo district.  the dircote (counterterrorism divison) has identified one of the terrorists as gerardo olivos silva through a composite made from witness' reports.  the police say that olivos silva, a forestry engineer, has participated in other attacks against armed forces personnel in the past.    lopez albujar's murder has made a great impression in peru.  according to political observers, the incident is being regarded as an indication that the shining path intends to continue its terrorist attacks to intimidate the people because of the upcoming general election on 8 april.    some 1600 peruvians were murdered during the last quarter of 1989 due to the political violence surrounding the 12 november municipal elections.</s>", 'start_gold': 356, 'end_gold': 377, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(83, 92, ' members of the maoist terrorist organization shining', 9.102038383483887), (83, 90, ' members of the maoist terrorist', 7.02457332611084), (83, 93, ' members of the maoist terrorist organization shining path', 6.8979973793029785)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the national police reported today that over 15,000 people have been arrested in lima over the past few hours in a dragnet aimed at uncovering the assassins of former defense minister enrique lopez albujar trint, who was murdered in a terrorist attack yesterday.  the police also stopped 8,000 cars in the search for assassins, who are presumably members of the maoist terrorist organization shining path.    lopez albujar, who left his post at the ministry in may 1989, was riddled with bullets as he was getting out of his car in the lima residential district of san isidro.  lopez albujar, 63, was retired.  he was driving without an escort.    according to the sources, the car in which the criminals fled was abandoned in surquillo district.  the dircote (counterterrorism divison) has identified one of the terrorists as gerardo olivos silva through a composite made from witness' reports.  the police say that olivos silva, a forestry engineer, has participated in other attacks against armed forces personnel in the past.    lopez albujar's murder has made a great impression in peru.  according to political observers, the incident is being regarded as an indication that the shining path intends to continue its terrorist attacks to intimidate the people because of the upcoming general election on 8 april.    some 1600 peruvians were murdered during the last quarter of 1989 due to the political violence surrounding the 12 november municipal elections.</s>", 'start_gold': 401, 'end_gold': 415, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(91, 92, ' shining', 9.099461555480957), (91, 93, ' shining path', 7.288401126861572), (91, 91, '', -0.2567012310028076)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the national police reported today that over 15,000 people have been arrested in lima over the past few hours in a dragnet aimed at uncovering the assassins of former defense minister enrique lopez albujar trint, who was murdered in a terrorist attack yesterday.  the police also stopped 8,000 cars in the search for assassins, who are presumably members of the maoist terrorist organization shining path.    lopez albujar, who left his post at the ministry in may 1989, was riddled with bullets as he was getting out of his car in the lima residential district of san isidro.  lopez albujar, 63, was retired.  he was driving without an escort.    according to the sources, the car in which the criminals fled was abandoned in surquillo district.  the dircote (counterterrorism divison) has identified one of the terrorists as gerardo olivos silva through a composite made from witness' reports.  the police say that olivos silva, a forestry engineer, has participated in other attacks against armed forces personnel in the past.    lopez albujar's murder has made a great impression in peru.  according to political observers, the incident is being regarded as an indication that the shining path intends to continue its terrorist attacks to intimidate the people because of the upcoming general election on 8 april.    some 1600 peruvians were murdered during the last quarter of 1989 due to the political violence surrounding the 12 november municipal elections.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(90, 91, ' shining', 2.9240901470184326), (90, 92, ' shining path', 1.1631684303283691), (40, 53, ' assassins of former defense minister enrique lopez albujar tr', -1.4358313083648682)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the national police reported today that over 15,000 people have been arrested in lima over the past few hours in a dragnet aimed at uncovering the assassins of former defense minister enrique lopez albujar trint, who was murdered in a terrorist attack yesterday.  the police also stopped 8,000 cars in the search for assassins, who are presumably members of the maoist terrorist organization shining path.    lopez albujar, who left his post at the ministry in may 1989, was riddled with bullets as he was getting out of his car in the lima residential district of san isidro.  lopez albujar, 63, was retired.  he was driving without an escort.    according to the sources, the car in which the criminals fled was abandoned in surquillo district.  the dircote (counterterrorism divison) has identified one of the terrorists as gerardo olivos silva through a composite made from witness' reports.  the police say that olivos silva, a forestry engineer, has participated in other attacks against armed forces personnel in the past.    lopez albujar's murder has made a great impression in peru.  according to political observers, the incident is being regarded as an indication that the shining path intends to continue its terrorist attacks to intimidate the people because of the upcoming general election on 8 april.    some 1600 peruvians were murdered during the last quarter of 1989 due to the political violence surrounding the 12 november municipal elections.</s>", 'start_gold': 192, 'end_gold': 211, 'gold': ' identified one of the terrorists as gerardo olivos silva through a composite made from witness', 'candidates': [(40, 40, '', 1.122782826423645), (40, 53, ' assassins of former defense minister enrique lopez albujar tr', -0.12772542238235474), (40, 61, ' assassins of former defense minister enrique lopez albujar trint, who was murdered in a terrorist', -1.7377020120620728)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the national police reported today that over 15,000 people have been arrested in lima over the past few hours in a dragnet aimed at uncovering the assassins of former defense minister enrique lopez albujar trint, who was murdered in a terrorist attack yesterday.  the police also stopped 8,000 cars in the search for assassins, who are presumably members of the maoist terrorist organization shining path.    lopez albujar, who left his post at the ministry in may 1989, was riddled with bullets as he was getting out of his car in the lima residential district of san isidro.  lopez albujar, 63, was retired.  he was driving without an escort.    according to the sources, the car in which the criminals fled was abandoned in surquillo district.  the dircote (counterterrorism divison) has identified one of the terrorists as gerardo olivos silva through a composite made from witness' reports.  the police say that olivos silva, a forestry engineer, has participated in other attacks against armed forces personnel in the past.    lopez albujar's murder has made a great impression in peru.  according to political observers, the incident is being regarded as an indication that the shining path intends to continue its terrorist attacks to intimidate the people because of the upcoming general election on 8 april.    some 1600 peruvians were murdered during the last quarter of 1989 due to the political violence surrounding the 12 november municipal elections.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(90, 91, ' shining', 5.13362979888916), (90, 92, ' shining path', 3.1682868003845215), (90, 116, ' shining path.    lopez albujar, who left his post at the ministry in may 1989, was riddled with', -2.4843010902404785)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the directorate of judicial police and investigations (dijin) has dismantled the bogota cartel following an operation in which 20 luxury homes were raided in different areas of the city.  according to a dijin report, the police infiltrated the inner structure of the camilo zapata vasquez family.  the noticiero de las siete newscast managed to shoot video footage of the raid on the la maria farm on the outskirts of bogota.  here is exclusive footage and a report by william calderon:    (begin recording) (calderon) anonymous callers informed the authorities about la maria farm, a luxurious ranch located near asuba, a few kilometers from bogota.  at 1900, a goes (special operations group) team surrounded the ranch.  an agent makes sure the main gate is not electrically wired, and the decision to forcibly enter the house is made. they all cover one another as they take their positions.  these men are perfectly trained for this sort of work.  these is a light inside the ranch house, so they assume someone is inside.  tension rises in view of the possibility of an armed confrontation.  as he approaches the ranch, the commander decides to storm it.  moments later, several men open the door without offering resistance and surrender to the authorities.    a patrol enters quickly and controls every corner of the ranch.  other uniformed men support the operation from outside.  they unsuccessfully look for caches.  these three workers who were doing repairs at the ranch were detained as a precaution in the main hall.  meanwhile, the search continues in other areas of the house.  three safes were hidden in different rooms of the ranch house.  one of the safes was built into one of the eight marble-tiled bathrooms.  the huge kitchen was temporarily at the workers' disposal.  near the master bedroom was a large swimming pool with a ground-level window from the sauna and jacuzzi area.  there were several game rooms and tennis and squash courts in the house.    the authorities now have documents and photographs, although the residents of this luxury ranch had left before the raid.      nineteen other operations were simultaneoulsy conducted in bogota.  the authorities said afterward that they felt they had dismantled the bogota cartel.    the dijin released the following report: 10 persons arrested, including jesus evelio zapata lopez, the alleged head of this drug trafficking band that had international connections.    the following was seized: 3 certificates of deposit worth almost 250 million pesos; 1 1977 porsche similar to the one seized from jorge luis ochoa in 1988; 3 toyotas, one of which was sold 4 months ago by an ecuadoran embassy official in bogota; 3 revolvers; 3 pistols; 1 carbine; ammunition; radio communications equipment; 2 false diplomatic licence plates; and cash. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(508, 523, ' 10 persons arrested, including jesus evelio zapata l', 7.296525001525879), (508, 510, ' 10 persons', 7.121638298034668), (508, 532, ' 10 persons arrested, including jesus evelio zapata lopez, the alleged head of this drug trafficking', 6.94923210144043)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the directorate of judicial police and investigations (dijin) has dismantled the bogota cartel following an operation in which 20 luxury homes were raided in different areas of the city.  according to a dijin report, the police infiltrated the inner structure of the camilo zapata vasquez family.  the noticiero de las siete newscast managed to shoot video footage of the raid on the la maria farm on the outskirts of bogota.  here is exclusive footage and a report by william calderon:    (begin recording) (calderon) anonymous callers informed the authorities about la maria farm, a luxurious ranch located near asuba, a few kilometers from bogota.  at 1900, a goes (special operations group) team surrounded the ranch.  an agent makes sure the main gate is not electrically wired, and the decision to forcibly enter the house is made. they all cover one another as they take their positions.  these men are perfectly trained for this sort of work.  these is a light inside the ranch house, so they assume someone is inside.  tension rises in view of the possibility of an armed confrontation.  as he approaches the ranch, the commander decides to storm it.  moments later, several men open the door without offering resistance and surrender to the authorities.    a patrol enters quickly and controls every corner of the ranch.  other uniformed men support the operation from outside.  they unsuccessfully look for caches.  these three workers who were doing repairs at the ranch were detained as a precaution in the main hall.  meanwhile, the search continues in other areas of the house.  three safes were hidden in different rooms of the ranch house.  one of the safes was built into one of the eight marble-tiled bathrooms.  the huge kitchen was temporarily at the workers' disposal.  near the master bedroom was a large swimming pool with a ground-level window from the sauna and jacuzzi area.  there were several game rooms and tennis and squash courts in the house.    the authorities now have documents and photographs, although the residents of this luxury ranch had left before the raid.      nineteen other operations were simultaneoulsy conducted in bogota.  the authorities said afterward that they felt they had dismantled the bogota cartel.    the dijin released the following report: 10 persons arrested, including jesus evelio zapata lopez, the alleged head of this drug trafficking band that had international connections.    the following was seized: 3 certificates of deposit worth almost 250 million pesos; 1 1977 porsche similar to the one seized from jorge luis ochoa in 1988; 3 toyotas, one of which was sold 4 months ago by an ecuadoran embassy official in bogota; 3 revolvers; 3 pistols; 1 carbine; ammunition; radio communications equipment; 2 false diplomatic licence plates; and cash. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(519, 523, ' zapata l', 5.840934753417969), (519, 532, ' zapata lopez, the alleged head of this drug trafficking', 5.518241882324219), (519, 536, ' zapata lopez, the alleged head of this drug trafficking band that had international', 5.51490592956543)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the directorate of judicial police and investigations (dijin) has dismantled the bogota cartel following an operation in which 20 luxury homes were raided in different areas of the city.  according to a dijin report, the police infiltrated the inner structure of the camilo zapata vasquez family.  the noticiero de las siete newscast managed to shoot video footage of the raid on the la maria farm on the outskirts of bogota.  here is exclusive footage and a report by william calderon:    (begin recording) (calderon) anonymous callers informed the authorities about la maria farm, a luxurious ranch located near asuba, a few kilometers from bogota.  at 1900, a goes (special operations group) team surrounded the ranch.  an agent makes sure the main gate is not electrically wired, and the decision to forcibly enter the house is made. they all cover one another as they take their positions.  these men are perfectly trained for this sort of work.  these is a light inside the ranch house, so they assume someone is inside.  tension rises in view of the possibility of an armed confrontation.  as he approaches the ranch, the commander decides to storm it.  moments later, several men open the door without offering resistance and surrender to the authorities.    a patrol enters quickly and controls every corner of the ranch.  other uniformed men support the operation from outside.  they unsuccessfully look for caches.  these three workers who were doing repairs at the ranch were detained as a precaution in the main hall.  meanwhile, the search continues in other areas of the house.  three safes were hidden in different rooms of the ranch house.  one of the safes was built into one of the eight marble-tiled bathrooms.  the huge kitchen was temporarily at the workers' disposal.  near the master bedroom was a large swimming pool with a ground-level window from the sauna and jacuzzi area.  there were several game rooms and tennis and squash courts in the house.    the authorities now have documents and photographs, although the residents of this luxury ranch had left before the raid.      nineteen other operations were simultaneoulsy conducted in bogota.  the authorities said afterward that they felt they had dismantled the bogota cartel.    the dijin released the following report: 10 persons arrested, including jesus evelio zapata lopez, the alleged head of this drug trafficking band that had international connections.    the following was seized: 3 certificates of deposit worth almost 250 million pesos; 1 1977 porsche similar to the one seized from jorge luis ochoa in 1988; 3 toyotas, one of which was sold 4 months ago by an ecuadoran embassy official in bogota; 3 revolvers; 3 pistols; 1 carbine; ammunition; radio communications equipment; 2 false diplomatic licence plates; and cash. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(33, 35, ' 20 luxury', 0.1387987732887268), (33, 43, ' 20 luxury homes were raided in different areas of the', -1.5689935684204102), (33, 40, ' 20 luxury homes were raided in different', -3.092909097671509)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the directorate of judicial police and investigations (dijin) has dismantled the bogota cartel following an operation in which 20 luxury homes were raided in different areas of the city.  according to a dijin report, the police infiltrated the inner structure of the camilo zapata vasquez family.  the noticiero de las siete newscast managed to shoot video footage of the raid on the la maria farm on the outskirts of bogota.  here is exclusive footage and a report by william calderon:    (begin recording) (calderon) anonymous callers informed the authorities about la maria farm, a luxurious ranch located near asuba, a few kilometers from bogota.  at 1900, a goes (special operations group) team surrounded the ranch.  an agent makes sure the main gate is not electrically wired, and the decision to forcibly enter the house is made. they all cover one another as they take their positions.  these men are perfectly trained for this sort of work.  these is a light inside the ranch house, so they assume someone is inside.  tension rises in view of the possibility of an armed confrontation.  as he approaches the ranch, the commander decides to storm it.  moments later, several men open the door without offering resistance and surrender to the authorities.    a patrol enters quickly and controls every corner of the ranch.  other uniformed men support the operation from outside.  they unsuccessfully look for caches.  these three workers who were doing repairs at the ranch were detained as a precaution in the main hall.  meanwhile, the search continues in other areas of the house.  three safes were hidden in different rooms of the ranch house.  one of the safes was built into one of the eight marble-tiled bathrooms.  the huge kitchen was temporarily at the workers' disposal.  near the master bedroom was a large swimming pool with a ground-level window from the sauna and jacuzzi area.  there were several game rooms and tennis and squash courts in the house.    the authorities now have documents and photographs, although the residents of this luxury ranch had left before the raid.      nineteen other operations were simultaneoulsy conducted in bogota.  the authorities said afterward that they felt they had dismantled the bogota cartel.    the dijin released the following report: 10 persons arrested, including jesus evelio zapata lopez, the alleged head of this drug trafficking band that had international connections.    the following was seized: 3 certificates of deposit worth almost 250 million pesos; 1 1977 porsche similar to the one seized from jorge luis ochoa in 1988; 3 toyotas, one of which was sold 4 months ago by an ecuadoran embassy official in bogota; 3 revolvers; 3 pistols; 1 carbine; ammunition; radio communications equipment; 2 false diplomatic licence plates; and cash. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(61, 68, ' camilo zapata vasquez', 9.482405662536621), (61, 69, ' camilo zapata vasquez family', 7.532995223999023), (61, 67, ' camilo zapata vas', 6.7419233322143555)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the directorate of judicial police and investigations (dijin) has dismantled the bogota cartel following an operation in which 20 luxury homes were raided in different areas of the city.  according to a dijin report, the police infiltrated the inner structure of the camilo zapata vasquez family.  the noticiero de las siete newscast managed to shoot video footage of the raid on the la maria farm on the outskirts of bogota.  here is exclusive footage and a report by william calderon:    (begin recording) (calderon) anonymous callers informed the authorities about la maria farm, a luxurious ranch located near asuba, a few kilometers from bogota.  at 1900, a goes (special operations group) team surrounded the ranch.  an agent makes sure the main gate is not electrically wired, and the decision to forcibly enter the house is made. they all cover one another as they take their positions.  these men are perfectly trained for this sort of work.  these is a light inside the ranch house, so they assume someone is inside.  tension rises in view of the possibility of an armed confrontation.  as he approaches the ranch, the commander decides to storm it.  moments later, several men open the door without offering resistance and surrender to the authorities.    a patrol enters quickly and controls every corner of the ranch.  other uniformed men support the operation from outside.  they unsuccessfully look for caches.  these three workers who were doing repairs at the ranch were detained as a precaution in the main hall.  meanwhile, the search continues in other areas of the house.  three safes were hidden in different rooms of the ranch house.  one of the safes was built into one of the eight marble-tiled bathrooms.  the huge kitchen was temporarily at the workers' disposal.  near the master bedroom was a large swimming pool with a ground-level window from the sauna and jacuzzi area.  there were several game rooms and tennis and squash courts in the house.    the authorities now have documents and photographs, although the residents of this luxury ranch had left before the raid.      nineteen other operations were simultaneoulsy conducted in bogota.  the authorities said afterward that they felt they had dismantled the bogota cartel.    the dijin released the following report: 10 persons arrested, including jesus evelio zapata lopez, the alleged head of this drug trafficking band that had international connections.    the following was seized: 3 certificates of deposit worth almost 250 million pesos; 1 1977 porsche similar to the one seized from jorge luis ochoa in 1988; 3 toyotas, one of which was sold 4 months ago by an ecuadoran embassy official in bogota; 3 revolvers; 3 pistols; 1 carbine; ammunition; radio communications equipment; 2 false diplomatic licence plates; and cash. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(601, 610, ' 3 revolvers; 3 pistols; 1 carb', 10.743605613708496), (601, 612, ' 3 revolvers; 3 pistols; 1 carbine;', 10.389921188354492), (601, 603, ' 3 revol', 9.566571235656738)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>salvadoran social democratic politician hector oqueli colindres was kidnapped today in guatemala city, his party reported in mexico city.    oqueli colindres is the secretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr).  the mnr is directed by guillermo ungo.  oqueli is also socialist international secretary for latin america.    in a communique, the mnr said oqueli had arrived in guatemala on 11 january and was planning to travel today to nicaragua as a member of a socialist international delegation.    the communique adds that oqueli colindres was kidnapped between 0630 and 0700 by heavily armed men while on his way to the airport along with guatemalan social democratic leader gilda flores, who was also kidnapped.    oqueli, who returned last year to el salvador after a long exile in mexico, where he represented the farabundo marti national liberation front and the revolutionary democratic front (fmln-fdr) political-diplomatic commission.</s>', 'start_gold': 601, 'end_gold': 617, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(159, 161, ' heavily armed', 8.369318008422852), (159, 180, ' heavily armed men while on his way to the airport along with guatemalan social democratic leader gilda fl', 4.643873691558838), (159, 185, ' heavily armed men while on his way to the airport along with guatemalan social democratic leader gilda flores, who was also', 3.6511337757110596)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>salvadoran social democratic politician hector oqueli colindres was kidnapped today in guatemala city, his party reported in mexico city.    oqueli colindres is the secretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr).  the mnr is directed by guillermo ungo.  oqueli is also socialist international secretary for latin america.    in a communique, the mnr said oqueli had arrived in guatemala on 11 january and was planning to travel today to nicaragua as a member of a socialist international delegation.    the communique adds that oqueli colindres was kidnapped between 0630 and 0700 by heavily armed men while on his way to the airport along with guatemalan social democratic leader gilda flores, who was also kidnapped.    oqueli, who returned last year to el salvador after a long exile in mexico, where he represented the farabundo marti national liberation front and the revolutionary democratic front (fmln-fdr) political-diplomatic commission.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(159, 161, ' heavily armed', 9.876313209533691), (159, 180, ' heavily armed men while on his way to the airport along with guatemalan social democratic leader gilda fl', 6.588400840759277), (159, 185, ' heavily armed men while on his way to the airport along with guatemalan social democratic leader gilda flores, who was also', 5.498104095458984)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>salvadoran social democratic politician hector oqueli colindres was kidnapped today in guatemala city, his party reported in mexico city.    oqueli colindres is the secretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr).  the mnr is directed by guillermo ungo.  oqueli is also socialist international secretary for latin america.    in a communique, the mnr said oqueli had arrived in guatemala on 11 january and was planning to travel today to nicaragua as a member of a socialist international delegation.    the communique adds that oqueli colindres was kidnapped between 0630 and 0700 by heavily armed men while on his way to the airport along with guatemalan social democratic leader gilda flores, who was also kidnapped.    oqueli, who returned last year to el salvador after a long exile in mexico, where he represented the farabundo marti national liberation front and the revolutionary democratic front (fmln-fdr) political-diplomatic commission.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(158, 160, ' heavily armed', 5.985564708709717), (158, 179, ' heavily armed men while on his way to the airport along with guatemalan social democratic leader gilda fl', 5.874893665313721), (158, 184, ' heavily armed men while on his way to the airport along with guatemalan social democratic leader gilda flores, who was also', 3.5070085525512695)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>salvadoran social democratic politician hector oqueli colindres was kidnapped today in guatemala city, his party reported in mexico city.    oqueli colindres is the secretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr).  the mnr is directed by guillermo ungo.  oqueli is also socialist international secretary for latin america.    in a communique, the mnr said oqueli had arrived in guatemala on 11 january and was planning to travel today to nicaragua as a member of a socialist international delegation.    the communique adds that oqueli colindres was kidnapped between 0630 and 0700 by heavily armed men while on his way to the airport along with guatemalan social democratic leader gilda flores, who was also kidnapped.    oqueli, who returned last year to el salvador after a long exile in mexico, where he represented the farabundo marti national liberation front and the revolutionary democratic front (fmln-fdr) political-diplomatic commission.</s>', 'start_gold': 48, 'end_gold': 66, 'gold': ' colindres is the secretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr).  the m', 'candidates': [(170, 179, ' guatemalan social democratic leader gilda fl', 7.775141716003418), (170, 184, ' guatemalan social democratic leader gilda flores, who was also', 5.209349632263184), (170, 175, ' guatemalan social democratic', 4.3915252685546875)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>salvadoran social democratic politician hector oqueli colindres was kidnapped today in guatemala city, his party reported in mexico city.    oqueli colindres is the secretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr).  the mnr is directed by guillermo ungo.  oqueli is also socialist international secretary for latin america.    in a communique, the mnr said oqueli had arrived in guatemala on 11 january and was planning to travel today to nicaragua as a member of a socialist international delegation.    the communique adds that oqueli colindres was kidnapped between 0630 and 0700 by heavily armed men while on his way to the airport along with guatemalan social democratic leader gilda flores, who was also kidnapped.    oqueli, who returned last year to el salvador after a long exile in mexico, where he represented the farabundo marti national liberation front and the revolutionary democratic front (fmln-fdr) political-diplomatic commission.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(158, 160, ' heavily armed', 8.479825973510742), (158, 179, ' heavily armed men while on his way to the airport along with guatemalan social democratic leader gilda fl', 3.2057087421417236), (158, 159, ' heavily', 3.01493239402771)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the bodies of hector oqueli, undersecretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr) of el salvador, and gilda flores, a member of guatemala\'s social democratic party, were found in cuilapa, guatemala, near the border with el salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.  according to the reports, the two bodies appeared to have been shot in their temples.    one of oqueli\'s relatives, who asked to remain anonymous, told acan-efe that the salvadoran politician still had his personal papers, including his passport, in one of his pockets.    the mnr reported on 12 january that heavily armed men in civilian clothes had intercepted a vehicle with oqueli and flores enroute for la aurora airport and that the two political leaders had been kidnapped and were reported missing.    oqueli was to fly to nicaragua to join an international socialist delegation which will observe the nicaraguan electoral campaign.    according to the relative, guatemalan civilian sources reported finding the bodies to him earlier today,    oqueli departed el salvador on 13 november, 2 days after the guerrillas launched their largest offensive in the recent decade.  reportedly, oqueli had been threatened with death by several people who, through a government radio network, had accused him of being an "accomplice" of the rebels.    the mnr, whose secretary general is guillermo ungo, is a legally registered party which forms the democratic convergence together with the social christian movement and the social democratic party.</s>', 'start_gold': 610, 'end_gold': 629, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(156, 161, ' heavily armed men in civilian', 2.816096305847168), (156, 158, ' heavily armed', 2.1846086978912354), (156, 185, ' heavily armed men in civilian clothes had intercepted a vehicle with oqueli and flores enroute for la aurora airport and that the two political', 0.023979902267456055)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the bodies of hector oqueli, undersecretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr) of el salvador, and gilda flores, a member of guatemala\'s social democratic party, were found in cuilapa, guatemala, near the border with el salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.  according to the reports, the two bodies appeared to have been shot in their temples.    one of oqueli\'s relatives, who asked to remain anonymous, told acan-efe that the salvadoran politician still had his personal papers, including his passport, in one of his pockets.    the mnr reported on 12 january that heavily armed men in civilian clothes had intercepted a vehicle with oqueli and flores enroute for la aurora airport and that the two political leaders had been kidnapped and were reported missing.    oqueli was to fly to nicaragua to join an international socialist delegation which will observe the nicaraguan electoral campaign.    according to the relative, guatemalan civilian sources reported finding the bodies to him earlier today,    oqueli departed el salvador on 13 november, 2 days after the guerrillas launched their largest offensive in the recent decade.  reportedly, oqueli had been threatened with death by several people who, through a government radio network, had accused him of being an "accomplice" of the rebels.    the mnr, whose secretary general is guillermo ungo, is a legally registered party which forms the democratic convergence together with the social christian movement and the social democratic party.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(312, 312, '', 4.4528961181640625), (312, 313, ' rebels', 1.5369489192962646), (311, 312, ' the', 4.102029323577881)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the bodies of hector oqueli, undersecretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr) of el salvador, and gilda flores, a member of guatemala\'s social democratic party, were found in cuilapa, guatemala, near the border with el salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.  according to the reports, the two bodies appeared to have been shot in their temples.    one of oqueli\'s relatives, who asked to remain anonymous, told acan-efe that the salvadoran politician still had his personal papers, including his passport, in one of his pockets.    the mnr reported on 12 january that heavily armed men in civilian clothes had intercepted a vehicle with oqueli and flores enroute for la aurora airport and that the two political leaders had been kidnapped and were reported missing.    oqueli was to fly to nicaragua to join an international socialist delegation which will observe the nicaraguan electoral campaign.    according to the relative, guatemalan civilian sources reported finding the bodies to him earlier today,    oqueli departed el salvador on 13 november, 2 days after the guerrillas launched their largest offensive in the recent decade.  reportedly, oqueli had been threatened with death by several people who, through a government radio network, had accused him of being an "accomplice" of the rebels.    the mnr, whose secretary general is guillermo ungo, is a legally registered party which forms the democratic convergence together with the social christian movement and the social democratic party.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(12, 39, ' hector oqueli, undersecretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr) of el salvador, and gilda fl', 5.0142083168029785), (12, 16, ' hector oquel', 3.856635332107544), (12, 40, ' hector oqueli, undersecretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr) of el salvador, and gilda flores', 3.085338592529297)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the bodies of hector oqueli, undersecretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr) of el salvador, and gilda flores, a member of guatemala\'s social democratic party, were found in cuilapa, guatemala, near the border with el salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.  according to the reports, the two bodies appeared to have been shot in their temples.    one of oqueli\'s relatives, who asked to remain anonymous, told acan-efe that the salvadoran politician still had his personal papers, including his passport, in one of his pockets.    the mnr reported on 12 january that heavily armed men in civilian clothes had intercepted a vehicle with oqueli and flores enroute for la aurora airport and that the two political leaders had been kidnapped and were reported missing.    oqueli was to fly to nicaragua to join an international socialist delegation which will observe the nicaraguan electoral campaign.    according to the relative, guatemalan civilian sources reported finding the bodies to him earlier today,    oqueli departed el salvador on 13 november, 2 days after the guerrillas launched their largest offensive in the recent decade.  reportedly, oqueli had been threatened with death by several people who, through a government radio network, had accused him of being an "accomplice" of the rebels.    the mnr, whose secretary general is guillermo ungo, is a legally registered party which forms the democratic convergence together with the social christian movement and the social democratic party.</s>', 'start_gold': 22, 'end_gold': 37, 'gold': ' the national revolutionary movement (mnr) of el salvador, and g', 'candidates': [(12, 39, ' hector oqueli, undersecretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr) of el salvador, and gilda fl', 9.249833106994629), (12, 16, ' hector oquel', 8.10531234741211), (12, 40, ' hector oqueli, undersecretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr) of el salvador, and gilda flores', 7.868939399719238)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the bodies of hector oqueli, undersecretary of the national revolutionary movement (mnr) of el salvador, and gilda flores, a member of guatemala\'s social democratic party, were found in cuilapa, guatemala, near the border with el salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.  according to the reports, the two bodies appeared to have been shot in their temples.    one of oqueli\'s relatives, who asked to remain anonymous, told acan-efe that the salvadoran politician still had his personal papers, including his passport, in one of his pockets.    the mnr reported on 12 january that heavily armed men in civilian clothes had intercepted a vehicle with oqueli and flores enroute for la aurora airport and that the two political leaders had been kidnapped and were reported missing.    oqueli was to fly to nicaragua to join an international socialist delegation which will observe the nicaraguan electoral campaign.    according to the relative, guatemalan civilian sources reported finding the bodies to him earlier today,    oqueli departed el salvador on 13 november, 2 days after the guerrillas launched their largest offensive in the recent decade.  reportedly, oqueli had been threatened with death by several people who, through a government radio network, had accused him of being an "accomplice" of the rebels.    the mnr, whose secretary general is guillermo ungo, is a legally registered party which forms the democratic convergence together with the social christian movement and the social democratic party.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(155, 160, ' heavily armed men in civilian', 14.130420684814453), (155, 157, ' heavily armed', 10.472949028015137), (155, 171, ' heavily armed men in civilian clothes had intercepted a vehicle with oqueli and fl', 10.045228004455566)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>in the absence of nicaraguan ambassador franciso lacayo parajon, juan jose membreno, counselor to the nicaraguan embassy in honduras, characterized as ridiculous, statements made yesterday by luis francisco ordonez reyes, who, according to police, is of nicaraguan origin.  ordonez reyes accused jose jesus pena--alleged chief of security for the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa--of masterminding the 7 january assassination of contra commander manuel antonio rugama.    (begin recording) (membreno) we categorically deny that allegation. these accusations against the embassy are ridiculous.  the embassy has no officer or employee with the name of the man identified in the news conference.  there have already been many accounts of this incident that point to the counterrevolution.  we categorically deny these accusations and characterize them as ridiculous.  we have no security officers at this embassy, only diplomatic and support personnel. (end recording)    (alvarez) all the personnel who work at the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa are appointed by the foreign ministry, according to the counselor.    (begin recording) (membreno) all our personnel are nicaraguans.  in regard to what he (ordonez reyes) has invented, we think it is ridiculous.  we only have nicaraguan government personnel working at the embassy. (end recording)    (alvarez) regarding the possibility that counterrevolutionary agents infiltrated the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa, counselor juan jose membreno replied:    (begin recording) (membreno) this happened at the ambassador's residence.  the ambassador learned by chance that one of the residence guards was of nicaraguan origin with alledged counterrevolutionary links. this is what happened.  this case did not occur at the embassy.    (alvarez) is managua interested in eliminating all the contra leaders living in honduras or all people who are linked to the counterrevolution?    (membreno) on the contrary, we respect peoples' lives and that is why we have always been willing to receive in nicaragua all nicaraguans who want to accept amnesty and all those who have in one way or other been involved in the counterrevolutionary campaign.    (alvarez) have there been any more attacks against this embassy or any other type of threat, as occurred a few days ago?    (membreno) no, after the shooting incident at the ambassador's residence, what happened a few days later--here at the embassy--was that a car drove past the embassy at night and knocked down some security rails on the sidewalk. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 305, 'end_gold': 323, 'gold': ') has invented, we think it is ridiculous.  we only have nicaraguan government', 'candidates': [(504, 530, ' nicaraguans who want to accept amnesty and all those who have in one way or other been involved in the counterrevolutionary', 3.808023452758789), (504, 507, ' nicaragu', 2.707214593887329), (504, 531, ' nicaraguans who want to accept amnesty and all those who have in one way or other been involved in the counterrevolutionary campaign', 1.3792352676391602)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>in the absence of nicaraguan ambassador franciso lacayo parajon, juan jose membreno, counselor to the nicaraguan embassy in honduras, characterized as ridiculous, statements made yesterday by luis francisco ordonez reyes, who, according to police, is of nicaraguan origin.  ordonez reyes accused jose jesus pena--alleged chief of security for the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa--of masterminding the 7 january assassination of contra commander manuel antonio rugama.    (begin recording) (membreno) we categorically deny that allegation. these accusations against the embassy are ridiculous.  the embassy has no officer or employee with the name of the man identified in the news conference.  there have already been many accounts of this incident that point to the counterrevolution.  we categorically deny these accusations and characterize them as ridiculous.  we have no security officers at this embassy, only diplomatic and support personnel. (end recording)    (alvarez) all the personnel who work at the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa are appointed by the foreign ministry, according to the counselor.    (begin recording) (membreno) all our personnel are nicaraguans.  in regard to what he (ordonez reyes) has invented, we think it is ridiculous.  we only have nicaraguan government personnel working at the embassy. (end recording)    (alvarez) regarding the possibility that counterrevolutionary agents infiltrated the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa, counselor juan jose membreno replied:    (begin recording) (membreno) this happened at the ambassador's residence.  the ambassador learned by chance that one of the residence guards was of nicaraguan origin with alledged counterrevolutionary links. this is what happened.  this case did not occur at the embassy.    (alvarez) is managua interested in eliminating all the contra leaders living in honduras or all people who are linked to the counterrevolution?    (membreno) on the contrary, we respect peoples' lives and that is why we have always been willing to receive in nicaragua all nicaraguans who want to accept amnesty and all those who have in one way or other been involved in the counterrevolutionary campaign.    (alvarez) have there been any more attacks against this embassy or any other type of threat, as occurred a few days ago?    (membreno) no, after the shooting incident at the ambassador's residence, what happened a few days later--here at the embassy--was that a car drove past the embassy at night and knocked down some security rails on the sidewalk. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 111, 'end_gold': 126, 'gold': 'igalpa--of masterminding the 7 january assassination of contra', 'candidates': [(345, 348, ' counterrevolutionary', 4.971813678741455), (345, 347, ' counterrevolution', 1.010999321937561), (504, 530, ' nicaraguans who want to accept amnesty and all those who have in one way or other been involved in the counterrevolutionary', 2.704146385192871)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>in the absence of nicaraguan ambassador franciso lacayo parajon, juan jose membreno, counselor to the nicaraguan embassy in honduras, characterized as ridiculous, statements made yesterday by luis francisco ordonez reyes, who, according to police, is of nicaraguan origin.  ordonez reyes accused jose jesus pena--alleged chief of security for the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa--of masterminding the 7 january assassination of contra commander manuel antonio rugama.    (begin recording) (membreno) we categorically deny that allegation. these accusations against the embassy are ridiculous.  the embassy has no officer or employee with the name of the man identified in the news conference.  there have already been many accounts of this incident that point to the counterrevolution.  we categorically deny these accusations and characterize them as ridiculous.  we have no security officers at this embassy, only diplomatic and support personnel. (end recording)    (alvarez) all the personnel who work at the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa are appointed by the foreign ministry, according to the counselor.    (begin recording) (membreno) all our personnel are nicaraguans.  in regard to what he (ordonez reyes) has invented, we think it is ridiculous.  we only have nicaraguan government personnel working at the embassy. (end recording)    (alvarez) regarding the possibility that counterrevolutionary agents infiltrated the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa, counselor juan jose membreno replied:    (begin recording) (membreno) this happened at the ambassador's residence.  the ambassador learned by chance that one of the residence guards was of nicaraguan origin with alledged counterrevolutionary links. this is what happened.  this case did not occur at the embassy.    (alvarez) is managua interested in eliminating all the contra leaders living in honduras or all people who are linked to the counterrevolution?    (membreno) on the contrary, we respect peoples' lives and that is why we have always been willing to receive in nicaragua all nicaraguans who want to accept amnesty and all those who have in one way or other been involved in the counterrevolutionary campaign.    (alvarez) have there been any more attacks against this embassy or any other type of threat, as occurred a few days ago?    (membreno) no, after the shooting incident at the ambassador's residence, what happened a few days later--here at the embassy--was that a car drove past the embassy at night and knocked down some security rails on the sidewalk. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(547, 547, '', -0.5659048557281494), (547, 553, ' embassy or any other type of', -2.0700838565826416), (547, 571, ' embassy or any other type of threat, as occurred a few days ago?    (membreno)', -4.120830535888672)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>in the absence of nicaraguan ambassador franciso lacayo parajon, juan jose membreno, counselor to the nicaraguan embassy in honduras, characterized as ridiculous, statements made yesterday by luis francisco ordonez reyes, who, according to police, is of nicaraguan origin.  ordonez reyes accused jose jesus pena--alleged chief of security for the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa--of masterminding the 7 january assassination of contra commander manuel antonio rugama.    (begin recording) (membreno) we categorically deny that allegation. these accusations against the embassy are ridiculous.  the embassy has no officer or employee with the name of the man identified in the news conference.  there have already been many accounts of this incident that point to the counterrevolution.  we categorically deny these accusations and characterize them as ridiculous.  we have no security officers at this embassy, only diplomatic and support personnel. (end recording)    (alvarez) all the personnel who work at the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa are appointed by the foreign ministry, according to the counselor.    (begin recording) (membreno) all our personnel are nicaraguans.  in regard to what he (ordonez reyes) has invented, we think it is ridiculous.  we only have nicaraguan government personnel working at the embassy. (end recording)    (alvarez) regarding the possibility that counterrevolutionary agents infiltrated the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa, counselor juan jose membreno replied:    (begin recording) (membreno) this happened at the ambassador's residence.  the ambassador learned by chance that one of the residence guards was of nicaraguan origin with alledged counterrevolutionary links. this is what happened.  this case did not occur at the embassy.    (alvarez) is managua interested in eliminating all the contra leaders living in honduras or all people who are linked to the counterrevolution?    (membreno) on the contrary, we respect peoples' lives and that is why we have always been willing to receive in nicaragua all nicaraguans who want to accept amnesty and all those who have in one way or other been involved in the counterrevolutionary campaign.    (alvarez) have there been any more attacks against this embassy or any other type of threat, as occurred a few days ago?    (membreno) no, after the shooting incident at the ambassador's residence, what happened a few days later--here at the embassy--was that a car drove past the embassy at night and knocked down some security rails on the sidewalk. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 455, 'end_gold': 471, 'gold': ' honduras or all people who are linked to the counterrevolution?  ', 'candidates': [(124, 132, ' contra commander manuel antonio rug', 5.026018142700195), (124, 133, ' contra commander manuel antonio rugama', 1.7450485229492188), (124, 130, ' contra commander manuel anton', -0.5713469982147217)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>in the absence of nicaraguan ambassador franciso lacayo parajon, juan jose membreno, counselor to the nicaraguan embassy in honduras, characterized as ridiculous, statements made yesterday by luis francisco ordonez reyes, who, according to police, is of nicaraguan origin.  ordonez reyes accused jose jesus pena--alleged chief of security for the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa--of masterminding the 7 january assassination of contra commander manuel antonio rugama.    (begin recording) (membreno) we categorically deny that allegation. these accusations against the embassy are ridiculous.  the embassy has no officer or employee with the name of the man identified in the news conference.  there have already been many accounts of this incident that point to the counterrevolution.  we categorically deny these accusations and characterize them as ridiculous.  we have no security officers at this embassy, only diplomatic and support personnel. (end recording)    (alvarez) all the personnel who work at the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa are appointed by the foreign ministry, according to the counselor.    (begin recording) (membreno) all our personnel are nicaraguans.  in regard to what he (ordonez reyes) has invented, we think it is ridiculous.  we only have nicaraguan government personnel working at the embassy. (end recording)    (alvarez) regarding the possibility that counterrevolutionary agents infiltrated the nicaraguan embassy in tegucigalpa, counselor juan jose membreno replied:    (begin recording) (membreno) this happened at the ambassador's residence.  the ambassador learned by chance that one of the residence guards was of nicaraguan origin with alledged counterrevolutionary links. this is what happened.  this case did not occur at the embassy.    (alvarez) is managua interested in eliminating all the contra leaders living in honduras or all people who are linked to the counterrevolution?    (membreno) on the contrary, we respect peoples' lives and that is why we have always been willing to receive in nicaragua all nicaraguans who want to accept amnesty and all those who have in one way or other been involved in the counterrevolutionary campaign.    (alvarez) have there been any more attacks against this embassy or any other type of threat, as occurred a few days ago?    (membreno) no, after the shooting incident at the ambassador's residence, what happened a few days later--here at the embassy--was that a car drove past the embassy at night and knocked down some security rails on the sidewalk. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(344, 347, ' counterrevolutionary', 6.349585056304932), (344, 346, ' counterrevolution', 1.951372504234314), (344, 353, ' counterrevolutionary agents infiltrated the nicaraguan', -0.4040486812591553)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>police sources have reported that at least four unidentified individuals in a car today shot at a sentry post of the la tablada 3d infantry regiment and swiftly fled.    the attack took place at 0340 today.  a car was traveling very fast along constituyentes avenue.  shots were fired from it at the sentry post from a distance of some 150 meters.    according to the sources the attackers then fled.  they have not yet been identified.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(15, 22, ' at least four unidentified individuals in a', 2.3742706775665283), (15, 19, ' at least four unidentified', 2.1525611877441406), (15, 18, ' at least four', 1.9498001337051392)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>police sources have reported that at least four unidentified individuals in a car today shot at a sentry post of the la tablada 3d infantry regiment and swiftly fled.    the attack took place at 0340 today.  a car was traveling very fast along constituyentes avenue.  shots were fired from it at the sentry post from a distance of some 150 meters.    according to the sources the attackers then fled.  they have not yet been identified.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(17, 22, ' four unidentified individuals in a', 6.062129020690918), (17, 19, ' four unidentified', 5.807652473449707), (17, 18, ' four', 4.625242710113525)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>police sources have reported that at least four unidentified individuals in a car today shot at a sentry post of the la tablada 3d infantry regiment and swiftly fled.    the attack took place at 0340 today.  a car was traveling very fast along constituyentes avenue.  shots were fired from it at the sentry post from a distance of some 150 meters.    according to the sources the attackers then fled.  they have not yet been identified.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(25, 37, ' a sentry post of the la tablada 3d infantry', 4.478751182556152), (25, 28, ' a sentry', 3.4611668586730957), (25, 40, ' a sentry post of the la tablada 3d infantry regiment and swiftly', 0.4206606149673462)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>police sources have reported that at least four unidentified individuals in a car today shot at a sentry post of the la tablada 3d infantry regiment and swiftly fled.    the attack took place at 0340 today.  a car was traveling very fast along constituyentes avenue.  shots were fired from it at the sentry post from a distance of some 150 meters.    according to the sources the attackers then fled.  they have not yet been identified.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(17, 18, ' unidentified', 4.536603927612305), (17, 21, ' unidentified individuals in a', 4.428732872009277), (17, 17, '', 3.729433536529541)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>police sources have reported that at least four unidentified individuals in a car today shot at a sentry post of the la tablada 3d infantry regiment and swiftly fled.    the attack took place at 0340 today.  a car was traveling very fast along constituyentes avenue.  shots were fired from it at the sentry post from a distance of some 150 meters.    according to the sources the attackers then fled.  they have not yet been identified.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(31, 37, ' la tablada 3d infantry', 8.750539779663086), (31, 36, ' la tablada 3d', 5.288915157318115), (31, 35, ' la tablada 3', 2.649367094039917)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>msgr sergio valech, head of the vicariate of solidarity, has repudiated acts of violence committed by groups of demonstrators in front of the vicariate offices.    according to a report released in the last few hours, political activists have staged lightning demonstrations at the plaza de armas in santiago.  the demonstrators shouted slogans supporting the vicariate of solidarity in its fight against the courts' decision to confiscate the chiloe clinic medical files related to terrorist activities currently under investigation.    the demonstrators clashed with carabineros who were attempting to preserve order at the plaza de armas.    msgr valech said:  those who are throwing stones and creating riots cannot be considered friends of the vicariate of solidarity.    the leftist leader of the christian democratic party, benitez sandoval, was among those detained by the police during the demonstrations.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(110, 114, ' terrorist activities currently under', -3.826078176498413), (110, 115, ' terrorist activities currently under investigation', -5.481823921203613), (110, 138, ' terrorist activities currently under investigation.    the demonstrators clashed with carabineros who were attempting to preserve order at the plaza de armas', -5.48189640045166)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>msgr sergio valech, head of the vicariate of solidarity, has repudiated acts of violence committed by groups of demonstrators in front of the vicariate offices.    according to a report released in the last few hours, political activists have staged lightning demonstrations at the plaza de armas in santiago.  the demonstrators shouted slogans supporting the vicariate of solidarity in its fight against the courts' decision to confiscate the chiloe clinic medical files related to terrorist activities currently under investigation.    the demonstrators clashed with carabineros who were attempting to preserve order at the plaza de armas.    msgr valech said:  those who are throwing stones and creating riots cannot be considered friends of the vicariate of solidarity.    the leftist leader of the christian democratic party, benitez sandoval, was among those detained by the police during the demonstrations.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(35, 37, ' groups of', 2.0525479316711426), (35, 45, ' groups of demonstrators in front of the vicariate', 0.02364325523376465), (35, 35, '', -1.2261565923690796)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>msgr sergio valech, head of the vicariate of solidarity, has repudiated acts of violence committed by groups of demonstrators in front of the vicariate offices.    according to a report released in the last few hours, political activists have staged lightning demonstrations at the plaza de armas in santiago.  the demonstrators shouted slogans supporting the vicariate of solidarity in its fight against the courts' decision to confiscate the chiloe clinic medical files related to terrorist activities currently under investigation.    the demonstrators clashed with carabineros who were attempting to preserve order at the plaza de armas.    msgr valech said:  those who are throwing stones and creating riots cannot be considered friends of the vicariate of solidarity.    the leftist leader of the christian democratic party, benitez sandoval, was among those detained by the police during the demonstrations.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(109, 113, ' terrorist activities currently under', 2.0918660163879395), (109, 110, ' terrorist', 0.8801212310791016), (109, 109, '', 0.4311302900314331)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>msgr sergio valech, head of the vicariate of solidarity, has repudiated acts of violence committed by groups of demonstrators in front of the vicariate offices.    according to a report released in the last few hours, political activists have staged lightning demonstrations at the plaza de armas in santiago.  the demonstrators shouted slogans supporting the vicariate of solidarity in its fight against the courts' decision to confiscate the chiloe clinic medical files related to terrorist activities currently under investigation.    the demonstrators clashed with carabineros who were attempting to preserve order at the plaza de armas.    msgr valech said:  those who are throwing stones and creating riots cannot be considered friends of the vicariate of solidarity.    the leftist leader of the christian democratic party, benitez sandoval, was among those detained by the police during the demonstrations.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(109, 113, ' terrorist activities currently under', -4.730978965759277), (109, 109, '', -5.338588237762451), (109, 114, ' terrorist activities currently under investigation', -5.499927043914795)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>msgr sergio valech, head of the vicariate of solidarity, has repudiated acts of violence committed by groups of demonstrators in front of the vicariate offices.    according to a report released in the last few hours, political activists have staged lightning demonstrations at the plaza de armas in santiago.  the demonstrators shouted slogans supporting the vicariate of solidarity in its fight against the courts' decision to confiscate the chiloe clinic medical files related to terrorist activities currently under investigation.    the demonstrators clashed with carabineros who were attempting to preserve order at the plaza de armas.    msgr valech said:  those who are throwing stones and creating riots cannot be considered friends of the vicariate of solidarity.    the leftist leader of the christian democratic party, benitez sandoval, was among those detained by the police during the demonstrations.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(122, 124, ' carabin', 5.29958438873291), (122, 136, ' carabineros who were attempting to preserve order at the plaza de arm', 3.8037867546081543), (122, 137, ' carabineros who were attempting to preserve order at the plaza de armas', 1.5294636487960815)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the government of el salvador strongly condemns the terrorist attacks carried out with explosives today against the committee of mothers of political prisoners and missing in el salvador and against the salvadoran workers national union federation.  as a result of these attacks, several persons were wounded and others died.  the government offers its condolences.    the government repudiates these irrational and criminal actions and the terrorist attack carried out on 30 october by the fmln against the armed forces staff installations, where 1 civilian died and 14 others were wounded.  it is evident that these actions are part of a plot whose objective is to block the dialogue initiated by president alfredo cristiani.    the government has ordered a careful investigation to determine what happened and to file charges against criminal groups that have unleashed this increased wave of terrorist violence to create a climate of unrest and to block the road to peace.    finally, the government of el salvador reaffirms its determination to continue the search for peace through the dialogue, and it states that in spite of these bloody events, salvadorans must remain calm and not give up hopes to find a solution to the conflict through civilized means.    31 october 1989, national secretariat of communications.</s>', 'start_gold': 846, 'end_gold': 859, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(166, 167, ' criminal', 3.5195233821868896), (166, 189, ' criminal groups that have unleashed this increased wave of terrorist violence to create a climate of unrest and to block the road to', -0.7849092483520508), (166, 176, ' criminal groups that have unleashed this increased wave of terrorist', -1.2820594310760498)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the government of el salvador strongly condemns the terrorist attacks carried out with explosives today against the committee of mothers of political prisoners and missing in el salvador and against the salvadoran workers national union federation.  as a result of these attacks, several persons were wounded and others died.  the government offers its condolences.    the government repudiates these irrational and criminal actions and the terrorist attack carried out on 30 october by the fmln against the armed forces staff installations, where 1 civilian died and 14 others were wounded.  it is evident that these actions are part of a plot whose objective is to block the dialogue initiated by president alfredo cristiani.    the government has ordered a careful investigation to determine what happened and to file charges against criminal groups that have unleashed this increased wave of terrorist violence to create a climate of unrest and to block the road to peace.    finally, the government of el salvador reaffirms its determination to continue the search for peace through the dialogue, and it states that in spite of these bloody events, salvadorans must remain calm and not give up hopes to find a solution to the conflict through civilized means.    31 october 1989, national secretariat of communications.</s>', 'start_gold': 500, 'end_gold': 513, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(166, 167, ' criminal', 3.9753618240356445), (166, 189, ' criminal groups that have unleashed this increased wave of terrorist violence to create a climate of unrest and to block the road to', 3.1275577545166016), (166, 176, ' criminal groups that have unleashed this increased wave of terrorist', 1.6296136379241943)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the government of el salvador strongly condemns the terrorist attacks carried out with explosives today against the committee of mothers of political prisoners and missing in el salvador and against the salvadoran workers national union federation.  as a result of these attacks, several persons were wounded and others died.  the government offers its condolences.    the government repudiates these irrational and criminal actions and the terrorist attack carried out on 30 october by the fmln against the armed forces staff installations, where 1 civilian died and 14 others were wounded.  it is evident that these actions are part of a plot whose objective is to block the dialogue initiated by president alfredo cristiani.    the government has ordered a careful investigation to determine what happened and to file charges against criminal groups that have unleashed this increased wave of terrorist violence to create a climate of unrest and to block the road to peace.    finally, the government of el salvador reaffirms its determination to continue the search for peace through the dialogue, and it states that in spite of these bloody events, salvadorans must remain calm and not give up hopes to find a solution to the conflict through civilized means.    31 october 1989, national secretariat of communications.</s>', 'start_gold': 120, 'end_gold': 143, 'gold': ' evident that these actions are part of a plot whose objective is to block the dialogue initiated by president alfredo cr', 'candidates': [(26, 48, ' the committee of mothers of political prisoners and missing in el salvador and against the salvadoran workers national union', 11.362297058105469), (26, 38, ' the committee of mothers of political prisoners and missing in el salv', 9.989309310913086), (26, 49, ' the committee of mothers of political prisoners and missing in el salvador and against the salvadoran workers national union federation', 9.284263610839844)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the government of el salvador strongly condemns the terrorist attacks carried out with explosives today against the committee of mothers of political prisoners and missing in el salvador and against the salvadoran workers national union federation.  as a result of these attacks, several persons were wounded and others died.  the government offers its condolences.    the government repudiates these irrational and criminal actions and the terrorist attack carried out on 30 october by the fmln against the armed forces staff installations, where 1 civilian died and 14 others were wounded.  it is evident that these actions are part of a plot whose objective is to block the dialogue initiated by president alfredo cristiani.    the government has ordered a careful investigation to determine what happened and to file charges against criminal groups that have unleashed this increased wave of terrorist violence to create a climate of unrest and to block the road to peace.    finally, the government of el salvador reaffirms its determination to continue the search for peace through the dialogue, and it states that in spite of these bloody events, salvadorans must remain calm and not give up hopes to find a solution to the conflict through civilized means.    31 october 1989, national secretariat of communications.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(26, 48, ' the committee of mothers of political prisoners and missing in el salvador and against the salvadoran workers national union', 7.431521415710449), (26, 32, ' the committee of mothers of political', 7.241645812988281), (26, 38, ' the committee of mothers of political prisoners and missing in el salv', 6.890158653259277)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the government of el salvador strongly condemns the terrorist attacks carried out with explosives today against the committee of mothers of political prisoners and missing in el salvador and against the salvadoran workers national union federation.  as a result of these attacks, several persons were wounded and others died.  the government offers its condolences.    the government repudiates these irrational and criminal actions and the terrorist attack carried out on 30 october by the fmln against the armed forces staff installations, where 1 civilian died and 14 others were wounded.  it is evident that these actions are part of a plot whose objective is to block the dialogue initiated by president alfredo cristiani.    the government has ordered a careful investigation to determine what happened and to file charges against criminal groups that have unleashed this increased wave of terrorist violence to create a climate of unrest and to block the road to peace.    finally, the government of el salvador reaffirms its determination to continue the search for peace through the dialogue, and it states that in spite of these bloody events, salvadorans must remain calm and not give up hopes to find a solution to the conflict through civilized means.    31 october 1989, national secretariat of communications.</s>', 'start_gold': 95, 'end_gold': 108, 'gold': ' by the fmln against the armed forces staff installations, where', 'candidates': [(102, 105, ' armed forces staff', 12.624164581298828), (102, 103, ' armed', 8.809725761413574), (102, 104, ' armed forces', 7.628832817077637)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the dissemination of a document questioning colombia's oil policy, especially the participation of foreign companies, is reportedly the aim of the publicity stunt carried out by the pro-castro eln (army of national liberation), which kidnapped several honorary consuls, newsmen, and political leaders.    anonymous sources of the leftist group headed by spanish priest manuel perez claimed responsibility for the kidnappings.  they identified themselves as members of the manuel gustavo chacon sovereignty operation, which was named in honor of the leader of the powerful (name indistinct) labor union of ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise), murdered in barrancabermeja in february.    according to the terrorist group, the hostages will be taken to undisclosed locations and will be given a document addressed to the colombian government and the international community.  the document will reiterate the insurgent group's criticism of colombia's oil production infrastructure, which includes several foreign companies, many of them european.</s>", 'start_gold': 466, 'end_gold': 489, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(100, 111, ' members of the manuel gustavo chacon sovereignty', 2.4642422199249268), (100, 112, ' members of the manuel gustavo chacon sovereignty operation', -0.8951968550682068), (100, 100, '', -1.341012954711914)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the dissemination of a document questioning colombia's oil policy, especially the participation of foreign companies, is reportedly the aim of the publicity stunt carried out by the pro-castro eln (army of national liberation), which kidnapped several honorary consuls, newsmen, and political leaders.    anonymous sources of the leftist group headed by spanish priest manuel perez claimed responsibility for the kidnappings.  they identified themselves as members of the manuel gustavo chacon sovereignty operation, which was named in honor of the leader of the powerful (name indistinct) labor union of ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise), murdered in barrancabermeja in february.    according to the terrorist group, the hostages will be taken to undisclosed locations and will be given a document addressed to the colombian government and the international community.  the document will reiterate the insurgent group's criticism of colombia's oil production infrastructure, which includes several foreign companies, many of them european.</s>", 'start_gold': 202, 'end_gold': 214, 'gold': "ombia's oil production infrastructure, which includes several foreign companies", 'candidates': [(76, 87, ' leftist group headed by spanish priest manuel pere', 4.278724670410156), (76, 93, ' leftist group headed by spanish priest manuel perez claimed responsibility for the kidn', 2.711632490158081), (76, 94, ' leftist group headed by spanish priest manuel perez claimed responsibility for the kidnappings', 2.2859947681427)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the dissemination of a document questioning colombia's oil policy, especially the participation of foreign companies, is reportedly the aim of the publicity stunt carried out by the pro-castro eln (army of national liberation), which kidnapped several honorary consuls, newsmen, and political leaders.    anonymous sources of the leftist group headed by spanish priest manuel perez claimed responsibility for the kidnappings.  they identified themselves as members of the manuel gustavo chacon sovereignty operation, which was named in honor of the leader of the powerful (name indistinct) labor union of ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise), murdered in barrancabermeja in february.    according to the terrorist group, the hostages will be taken to undisclosed locations and will be given a document addressed to the colombian government and the international community.  the document will reiterate the insurgent group's criticism of colombia's oil production infrastructure, which includes several foreign companies, many of them european.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(56, 66, ' several honorary consuls, newsmen, and political', 5.161833763122559), (56, 67, ' several honorary consuls, newsmen, and political leaders', 1.8836548328399658), (56, 62, ' several honorary consuls, news', -0.4620218276977539)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the dissemination of a document questioning colombia's oil policy, especially the participation of foreign companies, is reportedly the aim of the publicity stunt carried out by the pro-castro eln (army of national liberation), which kidnapped several honorary consuls, newsmen, and political leaders.    anonymous sources of the leftist group headed by spanish priest manuel perez claimed responsibility for the kidnappings.  they identified themselves as members of the manuel gustavo chacon sovereignty operation, which was named in honor of the leader of the powerful (name indistinct) labor union of ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise), murdered in barrancabermeja in february.    according to the terrorist group, the hostages will be taken to undisclosed locations and will be given a document addressed to the colombian government and the international community.  the document will reiterate the insurgent group's criticism of colombia's oil production infrastructure, which includes several foreign companies, many of them european.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(57, 66, ' honorary consuls, newsmen, and political', 9.648848533630371), (57, 67, ' honorary consuls, newsmen, and political leaders', 6.193065166473389), (57, 62, ' honorary consuls, news', 3.617229700088501)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the dissemination of a document questioning colombia's oil policy, especially the participation of foreign companies, is reportedly the aim of the publicity stunt carried out by the pro-castro eln (army of national liberation), which kidnapped several honorary consuls, newsmen, and political leaders.    anonymous sources of the leftist group headed by spanish priest manuel perez claimed responsibility for the kidnappings.  they identified themselves as members of the manuel gustavo chacon sovereignty operation, which was named in honor of the leader of the powerful (name indistinct) labor union of ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise), murdered in barrancabermeja in february.    according to the terrorist group, the hostages will be taken to undisclosed locations and will be given a document addressed to the colombian government and the international community.  the document will reiterate the insurgent group's criticism of colombia's oil production infrastructure, which includes several foreign companies, many of them european.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(48, 52, 'army of national', 10.924356460571289), (48, 53, 'army of national liberation', 8.21504020690918), (48, 67, 'army of national liberation), which kidnapped several honorary consuls, newsmen, and political leaders', 4.069316864013672)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the armed forces high command said at the legislative assembly that it does not agree with violating the constitution to favor the fmln proposal.  the legislative assembly met this morning with president duarte, as commander in chief of the armed forces; defense minister general carlos eugenio vides casanova; and armed forces chief of staff colonel rene emilio ponce.    the armed forces high command trusts the political parties' maturity and will support any resolution they approve concerning the fmln proposal, the defense minister said following a private meeting with the legislative assembly's directorate board and political commission.    (begin recording) (gen vides) i told the political parties: if you want to give them advantages simply because you do not want your candidates to win, go ahead and do it.  they must decide whether they want to give away the advantages or not; but i think it would be unjust.  a death squad might say: we do not want peace and we will set off bombs until the others change their minds.    this is not the case right now.  we would be simply establishing a precedent.  that is the main danger.  if the constitution is changed at will today then it can be changed again tomorrow, and again until things are just as the rebels want them. (end recording)    the meeting was also attended by napoleon duarte, in his role as commander in chief of the armed forces.    (begin recording) (duarte) i am here as commander in chief of the armed forces.  i fully support the armed forces' decision concerning its unity and the need to (words indistinct) constitution, and the warning that the armed forces will not adopt positions to hinder the democratic process in the country because there has been too much bloodshed and too many lives lost already. (end recording)    it was reported that the fmln proposal was thoroughly analyzed during the meeting, and it was agreed that the constitution cannot be violated to favor minority groups' positions.    the defense minister added:  the armed forces are stronger than ever. he also referred to the u.s. vice president's visit and said that his views coincide with the armed forces' goals, particularly concerning human rights.    the armed forces high command's visit to the legislative assembly is considered the second step taken in response to the fmln's proposal to the legislative assembly.  the first step was to call a meeting of the the political parties, which was not attended by the christian democratic party but served as the basis for future meetings in a so-called neutral place.    the legislative assembly's political commission has not ruled out the possibility of inviting archbishop arturo rivera y damas, who is involved to some degree in the rebel proposal.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(124, 132, " legislative assembly's directorate board and political", -1.1238727569580078), (124, 129, " legislative assembly's directorate", -4.131564617156982), (124, 150, " legislative assembly's directorate board and political commission.    (begin recording) (gen vides) i told the political", -4.517176151275635)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the armed forces high command said at the legislative assembly that it does not agree with violating the constitution to favor the fmln proposal.  the legislative assembly met this morning with president duarte, as commander in chief of the armed forces; defense minister general carlos eugenio vides casanova; and armed forces chief of staff colonel rene emilio ponce.    the armed forces high command trusts the political parties' maturity and will support any resolution they approve concerning the fmln proposal, the defense minister said following a private meeting with the legislative assembly's directorate board and political commission.    (begin recording) (gen vides) i told the political parties: if you want to give them advantages simply because you do not want your candidates to win, go ahead and do it.  they must decide whether they want to give away the advantages or not; but i think it would be unjust.  a death squad might say: we do not want peace and we will set off bombs until the others change their minds.    this is not the case right now.  we would be simply establishing a precedent.  that is the main danger.  if the constitution is changed at will today then it can be changed again tomorrow, and again until things are just as the rebels want them. (end recording)    the meeting was also attended by napoleon duarte, in his role as commander in chief of the armed forces.    (begin recording) (duarte) i am here as commander in chief of the armed forces.  i fully support the armed forces' decision concerning its unity and the need to (words indistinct) constitution, and the warning that the armed forces will not adopt positions to hinder the democratic process in the country because there has been too much bloodshed and too many lives lost already. (end recording)    it was reported that the fmln proposal was thoroughly analyzed during the meeting, and it was agreed that the constitution cannot be violated to favor minority groups' positions.    the defense minister added:  the armed forces are stronger than ever. he also referred to the u.s. vice president's visit and said that his views coincide with the armed forces' goals, particularly concerning human rights.    the armed forces high command's visit to the legislative assembly is considered the second step taken in response to the fmln's proposal to the legislative assembly.  the first step was to call a meeting of the the political parties, which was not attended by the christian democratic party but served as the basis for future meetings in a so-called neutral place.    the legislative assembly's political commission has not ruled out the possibility of inviting archbishop arturo rivera y damas, who is involved to some degree in the rebel proposal.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(124, 132, " legislative assembly's directorate board and political", -0.18959376215934753), (124, 150, " legislative assembly's directorate board and political commission.    (begin recording) (gen vides) i told the political", -3.548238754272461), (124, 129, " legislative assembly's directorate", -3.7981061935424805)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the armed forces high command said at the legislative assembly that it does not agree with violating the constitution to favor the fmln proposal.  the legislative assembly met this morning with president duarte, as commander in chief of the armed forces; defense minister general carlos eugenio vides casanova; and armed forces chief of staff colonel rene emilio ponce.    the armed forces high command trusts the political parties' maturity and will support any resolution they approve concerning the fmln proposal, the defense minister said following a private meeting with the legislative assembly's directorate board and political commission.    (begin recording) (gen vides) i told the political parties: if you want to give them advantages simply because you do not want your candidates to win, go ahead and do it.  they must decide whether they want to give away the advantages or not; but i think it would be unjust.  a death squad might say: we do not want peace and we will set off bombs until the others change their minds.    this is not the case right now.  we would be simply establishing a precedent.  that is the main danger.  if the constitution is changed at will today then it can be changed again tomorrow, and again until things are just as the rebels want them. (end recording)    the meeting was also attended by napoleon duarte, in his role as commander in chief of the armed forces.    (begin recording) (duarte) i am here as commander in chief of the armed forces.  i fully support the armed forces' decision concerning its unity and the need to (words indistinct) constitution, and the warning that the armed forces will not adopt positions to hinder the democratic process in the country because there has been too much bloodshed and too many lives lost already. (end recording)    it was reported that the fmln proposal was thoroughly analyzed during the meeting, and it was agreed that the constitution cannot be violated to favor minority groups' positions.    the defense minister added:  the armed forces are stronger than ever. he also referred to the u.s. vice president's visit and said that his views coincide with the armed forces' goals, particularly concerning human rights.    the armed forces high command's visit to the legislative assembly is considered the second step taken in response to the fmln's proposal to the legislative assembly.  the first step was to call a meeting of the the political parties, which was not attended by the christian democratic party but served as the basis for future meetings in a so-called neutral place.    the legislative assembly's political commission has not ruled out the possibility of inviting archbishop arturo rivera y damas, who is involved to some degree in the rebel proposal.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(148, 149, ' political', 1.296983003616333), (148, 174, ' political parties: if you want to give them advantages simply because you do not want your candidates to win, go ahead and do it', -1.9280705451965332), (211, 221, ' we will set off bombs until the others change their', 1.6512889862060547)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the armed forces high command said at the legislative assembly that it does not agree with violating the constitution to favor the fmln proposal.  the legislative assembly met this morning with president duarte, as commander in chief of the armed forces; defense minister general carlos eugenio vides casanova; and armed forces chief of staff colonel rene emilio ponce.    the armed forces high command trusts the political parties' maturity and will support any resolution they approve concerning the fmln proposal, the defense minister said following a private meeting with the legislative assembly's directorate board and political commission.    (begin recording) (gen vides) i told the political parties: if you want to give them advantages simply because you do not want your candidates to win, go ahead and do it.  they must decide whether they want to give away the advantages or not; but i think it would be unjust.  a death squad might say: we do not want peace and we will set off bombs until the others change their minds.    this is not the case right now.  we would be simply establishing a precedent.  that is the main danger.  if the constitution is changed at will today then it can be changed again tomorrow, and again until things are just as the rebels want them. (end recording)    the meeting was also attended by napoleon duarte, in his role as commander in chief of the armed forces.    (begin recording) (duarte) i am here as commander in chief of the armed forces.  i fully support the armed forces' decision concerning its unity and the need to (words indistinct) constitution, and the warning that the armed forces will not adopt positions to hinder the democratic process in the country because there has been too much bloodshed and too many lives lost already. (end recording)    it was reported that the fmln proposal was thoroughly analyzed during the meeting, and it was agreed that the constitution cannot be violated to favor minority groups' positions.    the defense minister added:  the armed forces are stronger than ever. he also referred to the u.s. vice president's visit and said that his views coincide with the armed forces' goals, particularly concerning human rights.    the armed forces high command's visit to the legislative assembly is considered the second step taken in response to the fmln's proposal to the legislative assembly.  the first step was to call a meeting of the the political parties, which was not attended by the christian democratic party but served as the basis for future meetings in a so-called neutral place.    the legislative assembly's political commission has not ruled out the possibility of inviting archbishop arturo rivera y damas, who is involved to some degree in the rebel proposal.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(122, 149, " the legislative assembly's directorate board and political commission.    (begin recording) (gen vides) i told the political", -2.911339521408081), (122, 131, " the legislative assembly's directorate board and political", -3.0138702392578125), (122, 124, ' the legislative', -5.342215061187744)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the armed forces high command said at the legislative assembly that it does not agree with violating the constitution to favor the fmln proposal.  the legislative assembly met this morning with president duarte, as commander in chief of the armed forces; defense minister general carlos eugenio vides casanova; and armed forces chief of staff colonel rene emilio ponce.    the armed forces high command trusts the political parties' maturity and will support any resolution they approve concerning the fmln proposal, the defense minister said following a private meeting with the legislative assembly's directorate board and political commission.    (begin recording) (gen vides) i told the political parties: if you want to give them advantages simply because you do not want your candidates to win, go ahead and do it.  they must decide whether they want to give away the advantages or not; but i think it would be unjust.  a death squad might say: we do not want peace and we will set off bombs until the others change their minds.    this is not the case right now.  we would be simply establishing a precedent.  that is the main danger.  if the constitution is changed at will today then it can be changed again tomorrow, and again until things are just as the rebels want them. (end recording)    the meeting was also attended by napoleon duarte, in his role as commander in chief of the armed forces.    (begin recording) (duarte) i am here as commander in chief of the armed forces.  i fully support the armed forces' decision concerning its unity and the need to (words indistinct) constitution, and the warning that the armed forces will not adopt positions to hinder the democratic process in the country because there has been too much bloodshed and too many lives lost already. (end recording)    it was reported that the fmln proposal was thoroughly analyzed during the meeting, and it was agreed that the constitution cannot be violated to favor minority groups' positions.    the defense minister added:  the armed forces are stronger than ever. he also referred to the u.s. vice president's visit and said that his views coincide with the armed forces' goals, particularly concerning human rights.    the armed forces high command's visit to the legislative assembly is considered the second step taken in response to the fmln's proposal to the legislative assembly.  the first step was to call a meeting of the the political parties, which was not attended by the christian democratic party but served as the basis for future meetings in a so-called neutral place.    the legislative assembly's political commission has not ruled out the possibility of inviting archbishop arturo rivera y damas, who is involved to some degree in the rebel proposal.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(76, 83, ' colonel rene emilio p', -1.1046680212020874), (76, 84, ' colonel rene emilio ponce', -3.813086986541748), (76, 96, ' colonel rene emilio ponce.    the armed forces high command trusts the political', -4.1528401374816895)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the fmln reports to our people and the people of the world the following:    1.  the massacre against the salvadoran workers national union federation (fenastras) was planned in cold blood.  the site and the moment when the fenastras leaders were meeting had been selected.    2.  we have trustworthy information from our intelligence organs that this action was ordered by colonel ponce, that cristiani knew about it and approved it, and that it was carried out by colonel elena fuente as the head of the morbid death squad of the army's 1st infantry brigade in response to our military attack on the army staff.  this behavior by cristiani should surprise no one.  terrorism is an old practice of the nationalist republican alliance (arena).    only a few days ago, arena assassins tried to kill the president of the mortgage bank, mr mason, for not following their orders.    3.  the people demand the resignation of chief of staff col emilio ponce because his responsibility in this criminal action is real.    4.  the fmln has prudently taken time before adopting a definite position.  the government and the armed forces have adopted an irresponsible attitude and have brazenly accused the fmln of the crimes they commit.    in view of this attitude and of the people's indignation, we have to prevent our presence at the dialogue from being used to cover up the government's responsibility in this massacre and to enhance the mask of moderator and negotiator that cristiani has been using to secure political support and u.s. financial support to extend the war.    in san jose, speaking on its view of the war, the government said that it considers popular movements as support organizations of the fmln, and therefore, as enemies of the government in the armed conflict.    we demanded that the government delegation give us a list of those organizations, but to no avail.  the terrorist attacks and massacres are now yielding the lists that were denied to us at the dialogue table.    even before the san jose meeting, the government had greatly increased its repression.  since the meeting, it has increased its detentions and attacked the residences of leaders of the social christian people's movement and the udn (nationalist democratic union), university, fecmasan (msgr oscar arnulfo romero federation of committees of mothers and relatives), and fenastras.  meanwhile, cristiani is maintaining his hypocritical position of moderation.    the massacres, detentions, and repression of earthquake victims, the repatriated, universities, labor unions, peasant cooperatives, mothers' organizations, and other segments of the population show that the war of the armed forces, government, and arena is aimed against the people and, therefore, these groups cannot and will not remain idle.    the salvadoran people have the right to take up arms and exercise their legitimate defense.  the armed people's and revolutionary struggle headed by the fmln is just, legitimate, and necessary.  (words indistinct) two-faced cristiani administration, the fmln has decided to immediately contact the dialogue observers and the church, which is the mediator, to demand through them guarantees for opposition civic and labor groups and a review of the current conditions of the dialogue, negotiation process, and its prospects.  meanwhile, we believe that it is necessary to suspend our participation in the caracas meeting.    (signed) fmln general command: commanders salvador sanchez ceren, francisco jovel, shafik jorge handal, eduardo sancho, and joaquin villalobos     el salvador, 2 november 1989</s>", 'start_gold': 383, 'end_gold': 398, 'gold': ' the fmln, and therefore, as enemies of the government in the', 'candidates': [(515, 521, ' federation of committees of mothers and', 1.1202389001846313), (515, 522, ' federation of committees of mothers and relatives', -1.9853516817092896), (515, 519, ' federation of committees of', -2.9993443489074707)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the fmln reports to our people and the people of the world the following:    1.  the massacre against the salvadoran workers national union federation (fenastras) was planned in cold blood.  the site and the moment when the fenastras leaders were meeting had been selected.    2.  we have trustworthy information from our intelligence organs that this action was ordered by colonel ponce, that cristiani knew about it and approved it, and that it was carried out by colonel elena fuente as the head of the morbid death squad of the army's 1st infantry brigade in response to our military attack on the army staff.  this behavior by cristiani should surprise no one.  terrorism is an old practice of the nationalist republican alliance (arena).    only a few days ago, arena assassins tried to kill the president of the mortgage bank, mr mason, for not following their orders.    3.  the people demand the resignation of chief of staff col emilio ponce because his responsibility in this criminal action is real.    4.  the fmln has prudently taken time before adopting a definite position.  the government and the armed forces have adopted an irresponsible attitude and have brazenly accused the fmln of the crimes they commit.    in view of this attitude and of the people's indignation, we have to prevent our presence at the dialogue from being used to cover up the government's responsibility in this massacre and to enhance the mask of moderator and negotiator that cristiani has been using to secure political support and u.s. financial support to extend the war.    in san jose, speaking on its view of the war, the government said that it considers popular movements as support organizations of the fmln, and therefore, as enemies of the government in the armed conflict.    we demanded that the government delegation give us a list of those organizations, but to no avail.  the terrorist attacks and massacres are now yielding the lists that were denied to us at the dialogue table.    even before the san jose meeting, the government had greatly increased its repression.  since the meeting, it has increased its detentions and attacked the residences of leaders of the social christian people's movement and the udn (nationalist democratic union), university, fecmasan (msgr oscar arnulfo romero federation of committees of mothers and relatives), and fenastras.  meanwhile, cristiani is maintaining his hypocritical position of moderation.    the massacres, detentions, and repression of earthquake victims, the repatriated, universities, labor unions, peasant cooperatives, mothers' organizations, and other segments of the population show that the war of the armed forces, government, and arena is aimed against the people and, therefore, these groups cannot and will not remain idle.    the salvadoran people have the right to take up arms and exercise their legitimate defense.  the armed people's and revolutionary struggle headed by the fmln is just, legitimate, and necessary.  (words indistinct) two-faced cristiani administration, the fmln has decided to immediately contact the dialogue observers and the church, which is the mediator, to demand through them guarantees for opposition civic and labor groups and a review of the current conditions of the dialogue, negotiation process, and its prospects.  meanwhile, we believe that it is necessary to suspend our participation in the caracas meeting.    (signed) fmln general command: commanders salvador sanchez ceren, francisco jovel, shafik jorge handal, eduardo sancho, and joaquin villalobos     el salvador, 2 november 1989</s>", 'start_gold': 541, 'end_gold': 554, 'gold': ' moderation.    the massacres, detentions, and', 'candidates': [(515, 521, ' federation of committees of mothers and', 2.354991912841797), (515, 519, ' federation of committees of', -0.7617532014846802), (515, 522, ' federation of committees of mothers and relatives', -0.8541814088821411)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the fmln reports to our people and the people of the world the following:    1.  the massacre against the salvadoran workers national union federation (fenastras) was planned in cold blood.  the site and the moment when the fenastras leaders were meeting had been selected.    2.  we have trustworthy information from our intelligence organs that this action was ordered by colonel ponce, that cristiani knew about it and approved it, and that it was carried out by colonel elena fuente as the head of the morbid death squad of the army's 1st infantry brigade in response to our military attack on the army staff.  this behavior by cristiani should surprise no one.  terrorism is an old practice of the nationalist republican alliance (arena).    only a few days ago, arena assassins tried to kill the president of the mortgage bank, mr mason, for not following their orders.    3.  the people demand the resignation of chief of staff col emilio ponce because his responsibility in this criminal action is real.    4.  the fmln has prudently taken time before adopting a definite position.  the government and the armed forces have adopted an irresponsible attitude and have brazenly accused the fmln of the crimes they commit.    in view of this attitude and of the people's indignation, we have to prevent our presence at the dialogue from being used to cover up the government's responsibility in this massacre and to enhance the mask of moderator and negotiator that cristiani has been using to secure political support and u.s. financial support to extend the war.    in san jose, speaking on its view of the war, the government said that it considers popular movements as support organizations of the fmln, and therefore, as enemies of the government in the armed conflict.    we demanded that the government delegation give us a list of those organizations, but to no avail.  the terrorist attacks and massacres are now yielding the lists that were denied to us at the dialogue table.    even before the san jose meeting, the government had greatly increased its repression.  since the meeting, it has increased its detentions and attacked the residences of leaders of the social christian people's movement and the udn (nationalist democratic union), university, fecmasan (msgr oscar arnulfo romero federation of committees of mothers and relatives), and fenastras.  meanwhile, cristiani is maintaining his hypocritical position of moderation.    the massacres, detentions, and repression of earthquake victims, the repatriated, universities, labor unions, peasant cooperatives, mothers' organizations, and other segments of the population show that the war of the armed forces, government, and arena is aimed against the people and, therefore, these groups cannot and will not remain idle.    the salvadoran people have the right to take up arms and exercise their legitimate defense.  the armed people's and revolutionary struggle headed by the fmln is just, legitimate, and necessary.  (words indistinct) two-faced cristiani administration, the fmln has decided to immediately contact the dialogue observers and the church, which is the mediator, to demand through them guarantees for opposition civic and labor groups and a review of the current conditions of the dialogue, negotiation process, and its prospects.  meanwhile, we believe that it is necessary to suspend our participation in the caracas meeting.    (signed) fmln general command: commanders salvador sanchez ceren, francisco jovel, shafik jorge handal, eduardo sancho, and joaquin villalobos     el salvador, 2 november 1989</s>", 'start_gold': 114, 'end_gold': 132, 'gold': " by colonel elena fuente as the head of the morbid death squad of the army's", 'candidates': [(36, 42, ' salvadoran workers national union', 4.838942527770996), (36, 47, ' salvadoran workers national union federation (fenastras', 3.776677370071411), (36, 46, ' salvadoran workers national union federation (fenast', 3.049365520477295)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the fmln reports to our people and the people of the world the following:    1.  the massacre against the salvadoran workers national union federation (fenastras) was planned in cold blood.  the site and the moment when the fenastras leaders were meeting had been selected.    2.  we have trustworthy information from our intelligence organs that this action was ordered by colonel ponce, that cristiani knew about it and approved it, and that it was carried out by colonel elena fuente as the head of the morbid death squad of the army's 1st infantry brigade in response to our military attack on the army staff.  this behavior by cristiani should surprise no one.  terrorism is an old practice of the nationalist republican alliance (arena).    only a few days ago, arena assassins tried to kill the president of the mortgage bank, mr mason, for not following their orders.    3.  the people demand the resignation of chief of staff col emilio ponce because his responsibility in this criminal action is real.    4.  the fmln has prudently taken time before adopting a definite position.  the government and the armed forces have adopted an irresponsible attitude and have brazenly accused the fmln of the crimes they commit.    in view of this attitude and of the people's indignation, we have to prevent our presence at the dialogue from being used to cover up the government's responsibility in this massacre and to enhance the mask of moderator and negotiator that cristiani has been using to secure political support and u.s. financial support to extend the war.    in san jose, speaking on its view of the war, the government said that it considers popular movements as support organizations of the fmln, and therefore, as enemies of the government in the armed conflict.    we demanded that the government delegation give us a list of those organizations, but to no avail.  the terrorist attacks and massacres are now yielding the lists that were denied to us at the dialogue table.    even before the san jose meeting, the government had greatly increased its repression.  since the meeting, it has increased its detentions and attacked the residences of leaders of the social christian people's movement and the udn (nationalist democratic union), university, fecmasan (msgr oscar arnulfo romero federation of committees of mothers and relatives), and fenastras.  meanwhile, cristiani is maintaining his hypocritical position of moderation.    the massacres, detentions, and repression of earthquake victims, the repatriated, universities, labor unions, peasant cooperatives, mothers' organizations, and other segments of the population show that the war of the armed forces, government, and arena is aimed against the people and, therefore, these groups cannot and will not remain idle.    the salvadoran people have the right to take up arms and exercise their legitimate defense.  the armed people's and revolutionary struggle headed by the fmln is just, legitimate, and necessary.  (words indistinct) two-faced cristiani administration, the fmln has decided to immediately contact the dialogue observers and the church, which is the mediator, to demand through them guarantees for opposition civic and labor groups and a review of the current conditions of the dialogue, negotiation process, and its prospects.  meanwhile, we believe that it is necessary to suspend our participation in the caracas meeting.    (signed) fmln general command: commanders salvador sanchez ceren, francisco jovel, shafik jorge handal, eduardo sancho, and joaquin villalobos     el salvador, 2 november 1989</s>", 'start_gold': 114, 'end_gold': 132, 'gold': " by colonel elena fuente as the head of the morbid death squad of the army's", 'candidates': [(36, 42, ' salvadoran workers national union', 5.387160301208496), (36, 47, ' salvadoran workers national union federation (fenastras', 4.650430202484131), (36, 46, ' salvadoran workers national union federation (fenast', 3.8000383377075195)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the fmln reports to our people and the people of the world the following:    1.  the massacre against the salvadoran workers national union federation (fenastras) was planned in cold blood.  the site and the moment when the fenastras leaders were meeting had been selected.    2.  we have trustworthy information from our intelligence organs that this action was ordered by colonel ponce, that cristiani knew about it and approved it, and that it was carried out by colonel elena fuente as the head of the morbid death squad of the army's 1st infantry brigade in response to our military attack on the army staff.  this behavior by cristiani should surprise no one.  terrorism is an old practice of the nationalist republican alliance (arena).    only a few days ago, arena assassins tried to kill the president of the mortgage bank, mr mason, for not following their orders.    3.  the people demand the resignation of chief of staff col emilio ponce because his responsibility in this criminal action is real.    4.  the fmln has prudently taken time before adopting a definite position.  the government and the armed forces have adopted an irresponsible attitude and have brazenly accused the fmln of the crimes they commit.    in view of this attitude and of the people's indignation, we have to prevent our presence at the dialogue from being used to cover up the government's responsibility in this massacre and to enhance the mask of moderator and negotiator that cristiani has been using to secure political support and u.s. financial support to extend the war.    in san jose, speaking on its view of the war, the government said that it considers popular movements as support organizations of the fmln, and therefore, as enemies of the government in the armed conflict.    we demanded that the government delegation give us a list of those organizations, but to no avail.  the terrorist attacks and massacres are now yielding the lists that were denied to us at the dialogue table.    even before the san jose meeting, the government had greatly increased its repression.  since the meeting, it has increased its detentions and attacked the residences of leaders of the social christian people's movement and the udn (nationalist democratic union), university, fecmasan (msgr oscar arnulfo romero federation of committees of mothers and relatives), and fenastras.  meanwhile, cristiani is maintaining his hypocritical position of moderation.    the massacres, detentions, and repression of earthquake victims, the repatriated, universities, labor unions, peasant cooperatives, mothers' organizations, and other segments of the population show that the war of the armed forces, government, and arena is aimed against the people and, therefore, these groups cannot and will not remain idle.    the salvadoran people have the right to take up arms and exercise their legitimate defense.  the armed people's and revolutionary struggle headed by the fmln is just, legitimate, and necessary.  (words indistinct) two-faced cristiani administration, the fmln has decided to immediately contact the dialogue observers and the church, which is the mediator, to demand through them guarantees for opposition civic and labor groups and a review of the current conditions of the dialogue, negotiation process, and its prospects.  meanwhile, we believe that it is necessary to suspend our participation in the caracas meeting.    (signed) fmln general command: commanders salvador sanchez ceren, francisco jovel, shafik jorge handal, eduardo sancho, and joaquin villalobos     el salvador, 2 november 1989</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(615, 631, ' the salvadoran people have the right to take up arms and exercise their legitimate', 0.38210469484329224), (615, 619, ' the salvadoran', 0.10533338785171509), (129, 135, " the army's 1st infantry", 1.758939504623413)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>today two people were wounded when a bomb exploded in san juan bautista municipality.  officials said that shining path members were responsible for the attack.    a woman was also murdered today in huamaguilla in another apparent terrorist attack.    police sources stated that the bomb attack involving the shining path caused serious damages.    press sources reported that today they received a shining path document that harshly criticizes the policies of the alan garcia administration. the document also announces that it will soon call for an "armed strike" in the ayacucho department.    a similar strike last november, imposed by the shining path by terror, lasted 1 week.    the same sources also said that reporter luis morales, who works for an ayacucho regional organization, reported that five unidentified individuals attempted to kidnap him.  he luckily escaped.</s>', 'start_gold': 116, 'end_gold': 131, 'gold': ' call for an "armed strike" in the ayacucho department.', 'candidates': [(32, 34, ' shining path', 12.056262016296387), (32, 33, ' shining', 8.920919418334961), (32, 39, ' shining path members were responsible for the', 6.533474445343018)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>today two people were wounded when a bomb exploded in san juan bautista municipality.  officials said that shining path members were responsible for the attack.    a woman was also murdered today in huamaguilla in another apparent terrorist attack.    police sources stated that the bomb attack involving the shining path caused serious damages.    press sources reported that today they received a shining path document that harshly criticizes the policies of the alan garcia administration. the document also announces that it will soon call for an "armed strike" in the ayacucho department.    a similar strike last november, imposed by the shining path by terror, lasted 1 week.    the same sources also said that reporter luis morales, who works for an ayacucho regional organization, reported that five unidentified individuals attempted to kidnap him.  he luckily escaped.</s>', 'start_gold': 116, 'end_gold': 130, 'gold': ' call for an "armed strike" in the ayacucho department', 'candidates': [(32, 34, ' shining path', 13.054670333862305), (32, 33, ' shining', 11.079113006591797), (32, 39, ' shining path members were responsible for the', 7.682911396026611)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>today two people were wounded when a bomb exploded in san juan bautista municipality.  officials said that shining path members were responsible for the attack.    a woman was also murdered today in huamaguilla in another apparent terrorist attack.    police sources stated that the bomb attack involving the shining path caused serious damages.    press sources reported that today they received a shining path document that harshly criticizes the policies of the alan garcia administration. the document also announces that it will soon call for an "armed strike" in the ayacucho department.    a similar strike last november, imposed by the shining path by terror, lasted 1 week.    the same sources also said that reporter luis morales, who works for an ayacucho regional organization, reported that five unidentified individuals attempted to kidnap him.  he luckily escaped.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(31, 33, ' shining path', 11.415094375610352), (31, 32, ' shining', 8.563636779785156), (31, 38, ' shining path members were responsible for the', 6.976255893707275)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>today two people were wounded when a bomb exploded in san juan bautista municipality.  officials said that shining path members were responsible for the attack.    a woman was also murdered today in huamaguilla in another apparent terrorist attack.    police sources stated that the bomb attack involving the shining path caused serious damages.    press sources reported that today they received a shining path document that harshly criticizes the policies of the alan garcia administration. the document also announces that it will soon call for an "armed strike" in the ayacucho department.    a similar strike last november, imposed by the shining path by terror, lasted 1 week.    the same sources also said that reporter luis morales, who works for an ayacucho regional organization, reported that five unidentified individuals attempted to kidnap him.  he luckily escaped.</s>', 'start_gold': 735, 'end_gold': 749, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(31, 33, ' shining path', 5.93731164932251), (31, 32, ' shining', 3.0344560146331787), (31, 38, ' shining path members were responsible for the', 2.1317479610443115)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>today two people were wounded when a bomb exploded in san juan bautista municipality.  officials said that shining path members were responsible for the attack.    a woman was also murdered today in huamaguilla in another apparent terrorist attack.    police sources stated that the bomb attack involving the shining path caused serious damages.    press sources reported that today they received a shining path document that harshly criticizes the policies of the alan garcia administration. the document also announces that it will soon call for an "armed strike" in the ayacucho department.    a similar strike last november, imposed by the shining path by terror, lasted 1 week.    the same sources also said that reporter luis morales, who works for an ayacucho regional organization, reported that five unidentified individuals attempted to kidnap him.  he luckily escaped.</s>', 'start_gold': 45, 'end_gold': 56, 'gold': ' was also murdered today in huamaguilla in', 'candidates': [(31, 33, ' shining path', 8.134554862976074), (31, 32, ' shining', 6.003450393676758), (31, 38, ' shining path members were responsible for the', 1.3945045471191406)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>salvadoran reporter mauricio pineda, a sound technician for the local canal doce television station, was shot and killed today in morazan department in the eastern part of the country.    according to canal doce sources, pineda and a team from the "today" newscast were traveling to la union department to cover today\'s elections.    the vehicle in which the reporters were traveling was machinegunned at a crossroads some 180 km from san salvador.      there has been no official report of the incident, the second of this type in less than 12 hours, following the death last night of roberto navas, a reporter for the british agency reuter.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(100, 102, ' machinegun', -3.2848944664001465), (100, 128, ' machinegunned at a crossroads some 180 km from san salvador.      there has been no official report of the', -4.107409954071045), (100, 125, ' machinegunned at a crossroads some 180 km from san salvador.      there has been no official', -4.215480804443359)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>salvadoran reporter mauricio pineda, a sound technician for the local canal doce television station, was shot and killed today in morazan department in the eastern part of the country.    according to canal doce sources, pineda and a team from the "today" newscast were traveling to la union department to cover today\'s elections.    the vehicle in which the reporters were traveling was machinegunned at a crossroads some 180 km from san salvador.      there has been no official report of the incident, the second of this type in less than 12 hours, following the death last night of roberto navas, a reporter for the british agency reuter.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(100, 102, ' machinegun', -2.9955339431762695), (100, 114, ' machinegunned at a crossroads some 180 km from san salvador', -4.390084266662598), (100, 128, ' machinegunned at a crossroads some 180 km from san salvador.      there has been no official report of the', -4.695643424987793)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>salvadoran reporter mauricio pineda, a sound technician for the local canal doce television station, was shot and killed today in morazan department in the eastern part of the country.    according to canal doce sources, pineda and a team from the "today" newscast were traveling to la union department to cover today\'s elections.    the vehicle in which the reporters were traveling was machinegunned at a crossroads some 180 km from san salvador.      there has been no official report of the incident, the second of this type in less than 12 hours, following the death last night of roberto navas, a reporter for the british agency reuter.</s>', 'start_gold': 346, 'end_gold': 358, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(99, 101, ' machinegun', 3.7915396690368652), (99, 105, ' machinegunned at a cross', 1.09051513671875), (99, 113, ' machinegunned at a crossroads some 180 km from san salvador', 0.6680335998535156)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>salvadoran reporter mauricio pineda, a sound technician for the local canal doce television station, was shot and killed today in morazan department in the eastern part of the country.    according to canal doce sources, pineda and a team from the "today" newscast were traveling to la union department to cover today\'s elections.    the vehicle in which the reporters were traveling was machinegunned at a crossroads some 180 km from san salvador.      there has been no official report of the incident, the second of this type in less than 12 hours, following the death last night of roberto navas, a reporter for the british agency reuter.</s>', 'start_gold': 28, 'end_gold': 44, 'gold': ' doce television station, was shot and killed today in morazan department in', 'candidates': [(9, 19, 'salvadoran reporter mauricio pined', 1.6641913652420044), (9, 36, 'salvadoran reporter mauricio pineda, a sound technician for the local canal doce television station, was shot and', 0.6529092788696289), (9, 13, 'salvadoran', -1.6010626554489136)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>salvadoran reporter mauricio pineda, a sound technician for the local canal doce television station, was shot and killed today in morazan department in the eastern part of the country.    according to canal doce sources, pineda and a team from the "today" newscast were traveling to la union department to cover today\'s elections.    the vehicle in which the reporters were traveling was machinegunned at a crossroads some 180 km from san salvador.      there has been no official report of the incident, the second of this type in less than 12 hours, following the death last night of roberto navas, a reporter for the british agency reuter.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(99, 101, ' machinegun', 6.874484539031982), (99, 113, ' machinegunned at a crossroads some 180 km from san salvador', 2.821009635925293), (99, 105, ' machinegunned at a cross', 2.437791347503662)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>a mercenary group faithful to the warmongering policy of former somozist colonel enrique bermudez attacked an ifa truck belonging to the interior ministry at 0900 on 26 march in el jicote, wounded, killed an interior ministry worker and wounded five others.    the bulletin also reported that between 21 and 25 march, the honduran army carried out harassment attacks on eps border posts.  the report adds that there have been 39 such attacks on nicaraguan positions in the past 3 months.    honduran troops harassed the border area of las piedras, north of teotecacinte, nueva segovia department, with large-caliber machineguns on the morning of 21 march.  that night, the honduran forces attacked a border post in guayacoli, east of teotecacinte.    on 24 march, honduran soldiers harassed the border region of murupuchi, north of teotecacinte, nueva segovia department, with 81-mm mortar fire and rpg-7 rockets.  the next day, honduran soldiers simultaneously attacked the border areas of loma las mesas and los esclavos hill, both southeast of teotecacinte.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(11, 31, ' mercenary group faithful to the warmongering policy of former somozist colonel enrique bermude', 2.8226304054260254), (11, 12, ' mercenary', 2.2609686851501465), (11, 41, ' mercenary group faithful to the warmongering policy of former somozist colonel enrique bermudez attacked an ifa truck belonging to the interior', 0.7315167188644409)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>a mercenary group faithful to the warmongering policy of former somozist colonel enrique bermudez attacked an ifa truck belonging to the interior ministry at 0900 on 26 march in el jicote, wounded, killed an interior ministry worker and wounded five others.    the bulletin also reported that between 21 and 25 march, the honduran army carried out harassment attacks on eps border posts.  the report adds that there have been 39 such attacks on nicaraguan positions in the past 3 months.    honduran troops harassed the border area of las piedras, north of teotecacinte, nueva segovia department, with large-caliber machineguns on the morning of 21 march.  that night, the honduran forces attacked a border post in guayacoli, east of teotecacinte.    on 24 march, honduran soldiers harassed the border region of murupuchi, north of teotecacinte, nueva segovia department, with 81-mm mortar fire and rpg-7 rockets.  the next day, honduran soldiers simultaneously attacked the border areas of loma las mesas and los esclavos hill, both southeast of teotecacinte.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(10, 31, 'a mercenary group faithful to the warmongering policy of former somozist colonel enrique bermude', 4.173195838928223), (10, 12, 'a mercenary', 3.508713722229004), (10, 11, 'a', 1.3942692279815674)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>a mercenary group faithful to the warmongering policy of former somozist colonel enrique bermudez attacked an ifa truck belonging to the interior ministry at 0900 on 26 march in el jicote, wounded, killed an interior ministry worker and wounded five others.    the bulletin also reported that between 21 and 25 march, the honduran army carried out harassment attacks on eps border posts.  the report adds that there have been 39 such attacks on nicaraguan positions in the past 3 months.    honduran troops harassed the border area of las piedras, north of teotecacinte, nueva segovia department, with large-caliber machineguns on the morning of 21 march.  that night, the honduran forces attacked a border post in guayacoli, east of teotecacinte.    on 24 march, honduran soldiers harassed the border region of murupuchi, north of teotecacinte, nueva segovia department, with 81-mm mortar fire and rpg-7 rockets.  the next day, honduran soldiers simultaneously attacked the border areas of loma las mesas and los esclavos hill, both southeast of teotecacinte.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(89, 92, ' eps border', 4.8226637840271), (89, 109, ' eps border posts.  the report adds that there have been 39 such attacks on nicaraguan', 3.0799989700317383), (89, 93, ' eps border posts', 2.2470247745513916)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>a mercenary group faithful to the warmongering policy of former somozist colonel enrique bermudez attacked an ifa truck belonging to the interior ministry at 0900 on 26 march in el jicote, wounded, killed an interior ministry worker and wounded five others.    the bulletin also reported that between 21 and 25 march, the honduran army carried out harassment attacks on eps border posts.  the report adds that there have been 39 such attacks on nicaraguan positions in the past 3 months.    honduran troops harassed the border area of las piedras, north of teotecacinte, nueva segovia department, with large-caliber machineguns on the morning of 21 march.  that night, the honduran forces attacked a border post in guayacoli, east of teotecacinte.    on 24 march, honduran soldiers harassed the border region of murupuchi, north of teotecacinte, nueva segovia department, with 81-mm mortar fire and rpg-7 rockets.  the next day, honduran soldiers simultaneously attacked the border areas of loma las mesas and los esclavos hill, both southeast of teotecacinte.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(56, 63, ' an interior ministry worker and wounded five', 4.715622901916504), (56, 59, ' an interior ministry', 2.0449066162109375), (56, 64, ' an interior ministry worker and wounded five others', 1.9619873762130737)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>a mercenary group faithful to the warmongering policy of former somozist colonel enrique bermudez attacked an ifa truck belonging to the interior ministry at 0900 on 26 march in el jicote, wounded, killed an interior ministry worker and wounded five others.    the bulletin also reported that between 21 and 25 march, the honduran army carried out harassment attacks on eps border posts.  the report adds that there have been 39 such attacks on nicaraguan positions in the past 3 months.    honduran troops harassed the border area of las piedras, north of teotecacinte, nueva segovia department, with large-caliber machineguns on the morning of 21 march.  that night, the honduran forces attacked a border post in guayacoli, east of teotecacinte.    on 24 march, honduran soldiers harassed the border region of murupuchi, north of teotecacinte, nueva segovia department, with 81-mm mortar fire and rpg-7 rockets.  the next day, honduran soldiers simultaneously attacked the border areas of loma las mesas and los esclavos hill, both southeast of teotecacinte.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(119, 122, ' honduran', 8.607766151428223), (119, 131, ' honduran troops harassed the border area of las pied', 2.8399195671081543), (119, 121, ' hond', 2.7901296615600586)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) urban commandos have denied reports they participated in an attack on vice president-elect francisco merino's home.    at 0530 this morning, unidentified individuals placed three explosive devices at the main entrance of merino's home in the machiliguas neighborhood.  two of the devices exploded.      reports indicate that the perpetrators, who arrived in a vehicle, also fired at the guards protecting merino's residence.  early reports pointed to urban commandos as the presumed perpetrators, but a spokesman for the modesto ramirez central front, in a telephone call, denied the report.    (begin recording) (unidentified fmln spokesman) on this occasion, the fmln must explain that our forces did not participate in the attack in question. the fmln warns that the armed forces are taking advantage of the situation to create confusion and promote true state terrorism.    the fmln condemns the (word indistinct) against our people and warns that these actions will not be allowed to take place without the appropriate response.  the fmln claims responsibility for actions in which it is directly involved.  in this case, we were not directly involved.  the fmln warns that the armed forces are taking advantage of this situation to perpetrate attacks on individuals and institutions which can be easily attributed to the fmln. (end recording)    the fmln described statements made by president-elect alfredo cristiani as irresponsible.  the president-elect immediately condemned the attack and attributed it to the urban commandos.  as a result of the attack, a 15-year-old girl was wounded and considerable damage was reported.  merino is currently out of the country.</s>", 'start_gold': 58, 'end_gold': 72, 'gold': " explosive devices at the main entrance of merino's home in the mach", 'candidates': [(118, 120, ' urban command', 6.01785945892334), (118, 124, ' urban commandos as the presumed', 3.4087610244750977), (118, 125, ' urban commandos as the presumed perpetrators', 0.48049306869506836)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) urban commandos have denied reports they participated in an attack on vice president-elect francisco merino's home.    at 0530 this morning, unidentified individuals placed three explosive devices at the main entrance of merino's home in the machiliguas neighborhood.  two of the devices exploded.      reports indicate that the perpetrators, who arrived in a vehicle, also fired at the guards protecting merino's residence.  early reports pointed to urban commandos as the presumed perpetrators, but a spokesman for the modesto ramirez central front, in a telephone call, denied the report.    (begin recording) (unidentified fmln spokesman) on this occasion, the fmln must explain that our forces did not participate in the attack in question. the fmln warns that the armed forces are taking advantage of the situation to create confusion and promote true state terrorism.    the fmln condemns the (word indistinct) against our people and warns that these actions will not be allowed to take place without the appropriate response.  the fmln claims responsibility for actions in which it is directly involved.  in this case, we were not directly involved.  the fmln warns that the armed forces are taking advantage of this situation to perpetrate attacks on individuals and institutions which can be easily attributed to the fmln. (end recording)    the fmln described statements made by president-elect alfredo cristiani as irresponsible.  the president-elect immediately condemned the attack and attributed it to the urban commandos.  as a result of the attack, a 15-year-old girl was wounded and considerable damage was reported.  merino is currently out of the country.</s>", 'start_gold': 9, 'end_gold': 28, 'gold': '</s>farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) urban commandos have denied reports', 'candidates': [(118, 120, ' urban command', 8.584660530090332), (118, 124, ' urban commandos as the presumed', 5.328740119934082), (118, 136, ' urban commandos as the presumed perpetrators, but a spokesman for the modesto ramirez central', 2.790703296661377)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) urban commandos have denied reports they participated in an attack on vice president-elect francisco merino's home.    at 0530 this morning, unidentified individuals placed three explosive devices at the main entrance of merino's home in the machiliguas neighborhood.  two of the devices exploded.      reports indicate that the perpetrators, who arrived in a vehicle, also fired at the guards protecting merino's residence.  early reports pointed to urban commandos as the presumed perpetrators, but a spokesman for the modesto ramirez central front, in a telephone call, denied the report.    (begin recording) (unidentified fmln spokesman) on this occasion, the fmln must explain that our forces did not participate in the attack in question. the fmln warns that the armed forces are taking advantage of the situation to create confusion and promote true state terrorism.    the fmln condemns the (word indistinct) against our people and warns that these actions will not be allowed to take place without the appropriate response.  the fmln claims responsibility for actions in which it is directly involved.  in this case, we were not directly involved.  the fmln warns that the armed forces are taking advantage of this situation to perpetrate attacks on individuals and institutions which can be easily attributed to the fmln. (end recording)    the fmln described statements made by president-elect alfredo cristiani as irresponsible.  the president-elect immediately condemned the attack and attributed it to the urban commandos.  as a result of the attack, a 15-year-old girl was wounded and considerable damage was reported.  merino is currently out of the country.</s>", 'start_gold': 127, 'end_gold': 147, 'gold': ' spokesman for the modesto ramirez central front, in a telephone call, denied the report. ', 'candidates': [(289, 291, ' individuals and', 2.8421239852905273), (289, 301, ' individuals and institutions which can be easily attributed to the fml', -1.0018070936203003), (344, 346, ' urban command', 1.3820312023162842)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) urban commandos have denied reports they participated in an attack on vice president-elect francisco merino's home.    at 0530 this morning, unidentified individuals placed three explosive devices at the main entrance of merino's home in the machiliguas neighborhood.  two of the devices exploded.      reports indicate that the perpetrators, who arrived in a vehicle, also fired at the guards protecting merino's residence.  early reports pointed to urban commandos as the presumed perpetrators, but a spokesman for the modesto ramirez central front, in a telephone call, denied the report.    (begin recording) (unidentified fmln spokesman) on this occasion, the fmln must explain that our forces did not participate in the attack in question. the fmln warns that the armed forces are taking advantage of the situation to create confusion and promote true state terrorism.    the fmln condemns the (word indistinct) against our people and warns that these actions will not be allowed to take place without the appropriate response.  the fmln claims responsibility for actions in which it is directly involved.  in this case, we were not directly involved.  the fmln warns that the armed forces are taking advantage of this situation to perpetrate attacks on individuals and institutions which can be easily attributed to the fmln. (end recording)    the fmln described statements made by president-elect alfredo cristiani as irresponsible.  the president-elect immediately condemned the attack and attributed it to the urban commandos.  as a result of the attack, a 15-year-old girl was wounded and considerable damage was reported.  merino is currently out of the country.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(117, 119, ' urban command', 1.5673748254776), (117, 123, ' urban commandos as the presumed', 1.0345935821533203), (21, 23, ' urban command', 1.1063380241394043)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) urban commandos have denied reports they participated in an attack on vice president-elect francisco merino's home.    at 0530 this morning, unidentified individuals placed three explosive devices at the main entrance of merino's home in the machiliguas neighborhood.  two of the devices exploded.      reports indicate that the perpetrators, who arrived in a vehicle, also fired at the guards protecting merino's residence.  early reports pointed to urban commandos as the presumed perpetrators, but a spokesman for the modesto ramirez central front, in a telephone call, denied the report.    (begin recording) (unidentified fmln spokesman) on this occasion, the fmln must explain that our forces did not participate in the attack in question. the fmln warns that the armed forces are taking advantage of the situation to create confusion and promote true state terrorism.    the fmln condemns the (word indistinct) against our people and warns that these actions will not be allowed to take place without the appropriate response.  the fmln claims responsibility for actions in which it is directly involved.  in this case, we were not directly involved.  the fmln warns that the armed forces are taking advantage of this situation to perpetrate attacks on individuals and institutions which can be easily attributed to the fmln. (end recording)    the fmln described statements made by president-elect alfredo cristiani as irresponsible.  the president-elect immediately condemned the attack and attributed it to the urban commandos.  as a result of the attack, a 15-year-old girl was wounded and considerable damage was reported.  merino is currently out of the country.</s>", 'start_gold': 230, 'end_gold': 243, 'gold': ' not be allowed to take place without the appropriate response.  the', 'candidates': [(344, 346, ' urban command', 11.585960388183594), (344, 347, ' urban commandos', 6.946601867675781), (344, 344, '', 3.8537771701812744)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>guerrillas attacked the 1st infantry brigade garrison and the national police station in san salvador's sacamil neighborhood tonight.    according to preliminary reports, at least six fmln guerrillas were killed during the attack.  three policemen, a soldier of the 1st infantry brigade, and four civilians were wounded and taken by the red cross to the local hospital.    urban guerrillas began the attack at 1805.  they struck both the 1st infantry brigade and the national police station in the sacamil neighborhood.    (begin recording) (unidentified military officer) the guerrillas used 60-mm mortars and rpg-18 rocket launchers.  the terrorists traveled in cars.  they destroyed several power poles on 29th street and machinegunned several transformers.  the attack came mainly from the south, where the cohache organization is located, and from the hondua church here.  they also attacked from the northeast, but most of the attackers came from the direction of the national university, firing from there at some (word indistinct) we have in the area.  we had removed the cordon around the university 4 or 5 days ago, and (words indistinct) fired from there.    the wounded include at least three civilians, one of whom is in serious condition and has already been taken by our troops to the military hospital; perhaps five traffic policemen, although this has not been confirmed; and a soldier of the belloso battalion.    no damage was caused here at the garrison.  only a few shells hit the garrison, and these were 60-mm mortar shells, which are not powerful enough to cause damage.  we found six (words indistinct).  as for the rpg's, we found only one (words indistinct) behind the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office (words indistinct).  we found six holes from m-79 shells, but they did not cause great damage.    one of our civilian employees came out slightly wounded from the (word indistinct).    (reporter) colonel, our country will have a new president in a few days. the fmln has called a new transportation stoppage beginning on 31 may and has now attacked the 1st brigade.  based on this evidence, do you feel the fmln will intensify its military actions in san salvador?      (military officer) of course, we are expecting this.  channel 12 has already reported that a transportation stoppage will begin on 31 may. therefore, we believe vigilance must be increased.  we expected this kind of attack.  we have always said we are prepared to repel any terrorist attack, and this was a typical terrorist attack.  from a military standpoint, i do not think the attack was very effective.  the guerrillas used mortars but mostly hurt civilians. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 9, 'end_gold': 23, 'gold': '</s>guerrillas attacked the 1st infantry brigade garrison and the national', 'candidates': [(514, 515, 'military', 8.244243621826172), (514, 516, 'military officer', 6.922235488891602), (514, 518, 'military officer) of', 4.026843547821045)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>guerrillas attacked the 1st infantry brigade garrison and the national police station in san salvador's sacamil neighborhood tonight.    according to preliminary reports, at least six fmln guerrillas were killed during the attack.  three policemen, a soldier of the 1st infantry brigade, and four civilians were wounded and taken by the red cross to the local hospital.    urban guerrillas began the attack at 1805.  they struck both the 1st infantry brigade and the national police station in the sacamil neighborhood.    (begin recording) (unidentified military officer) the guerrillas used 60-mm mortars and rpg-18 rocket launchers.  the terrorists traveled in cars.  they destroyed several power poles on 29th street and machinegunned several transformers.  the attack came mainly from the south, where the cohache organization is located, and from the hondua church here.  they also attacked from the northeast, but most of the attackers came from the direction of the national university, firing from there at some (word indistinct) we have in the area.  we had removed the cordon around the university 4 or 5 days ago, and (words indistinct) fired from there.    the wounded include at least three civilians, one of whom is in serious condition and has already been taken by our troops to the military hospital; perhaps five traffic policemen, although this has not been confirmed; and a soldier of the belloso battalion.    no damage was caused here at the garrison.  only a few shells hit the garrison, and these were 60-mm mortar shells, which are not powerful enough to cause damage.  we found six (words indistinct).  as for the rpg's, we found only one (words indistinct) behind the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office (words indistinct).  we found six holes from m-79 shells, but they did not cause great damage.    one of our civilian employees came out slightly wounded from the (word indistinct).    (reporter) colonel, our country will have a new president in a few days. the fmln has called a new transportation stoppage beginning on 31 may and has now attacked the 1st brigade.  based on this evidence, do you feel the fmln will intensify its military actions in san salvador?      (military officer) of course, we are expecting this.  channel 12 has already reported that a transportation stoppage will begin on 31 may. therefore, we believe vigilance must be increased.  we expected this kind of attack.  we have always said we are prepared to repel any terrorist attack, and this was a typical terrorist attack.  from a military standpoint, i do not think the attack was very effective.  the guerrillas used mortars but mostly hurt civilians. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 193, 'end_gold': 206, 'gold': ' is located, and from the hondua church here. ', 'candidates': [(514, 515, 'military', 7.423003196716309), (514, 516, 'military officer', 5.843461990356445), (514, 518, 'military officer) of', 2.3957672119140625)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>guerrillas attacked the 1st infantry brigade garrison and the national police station in san salvador's sacamil neighborhood tonight.    according to preliminary reports, at least six fmln guerrillas were killed during the attack.  three policemen, a soldier of the 1st infantry brigade, and four civilians were wounded and taken by the red cross to the local hospital.    urban guerrillas began the attack at 1805.  they struck both the 1st infantry brigade and the national police station in the sacamil neighborhood.    (begin recording) (unidentified military officer) the guerrillas used 60-mm mortars and rpg-18 rocket launchers.  the terrorists traveled in cars.  they destroyed several power poles on 29th street and machinegunned several transformers.  the attack came mainly from the south, where the cohache organization is located, and from the hondua church here.  they also attacked from the northeast, but most of the attackers came from the direction of the national university, firing from there at some (word indistinct) we have in the area.  we had removed the cordon around the university 4 or 5 days ago, and (words indistinct) fired from there.    the wounded include at least three civilians, one of whom is in serious condition and has already been taken by our troops to the military hospital; perhaps five traffic policemen, although this has not been confirmed; and a soldier of the belloso battalion.    no damage was caused here at the garrison.  only a few shells hit the garrison, and these were 60-mm mortar shells, which are not powerful enough to cause damage.  we found six (words indistinct).  as for the rpg's, we found only one (words indistinct) behind the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office (words indistinct).  we found six holes from m-79 shells, but they did not cause great damage.    one of our civilian employees came out slightly wounded from the (word indistinct).    (reporter) colonel, our country will have a new president in a few days. the fmln has called a new transportation stoppage beginning on 31 may and has now attacked the 1st brigade.  based on this evidence, do you feel the fmln will intensify its military actions in san salvador?      (military officer) of course, we are expecting this.  channel 12 has already reported that a transportation stoppage will begin on 31 may. therefore, we believe vigilance must be increased.  we expected this kind of attack.  we have always said we are prepared to repel any terrorist attack, and this was a typical terrorist attack.  from a military standpoint, i do not think the attack was very effective.  the guerrillas used mortars but mostly hurt civilians. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 32, 'end_gold': 46, 'gold': ' neighborhood tonight.    according to preliminary reports, at least six', 'candidates': [(14, 23, ' 1st infantry brigade garrison and the national police', 9.20132827758789), (14, 22, ' 1st infantry brigade garrison and the national', 6.309150695800781), (14, 32, " 1st infantry brigade garrison and the national police station in san salvador's sacamil", 5.777063846588135)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>guerrillas attacked the 1st infantry brigade garrison and the national police station in san salvador's sacamil neighborhood tonight.    according to preliminary reports, at least six fmln guerrillas were killed during the attack.  three policemen, a soldier of the 1st infantry brigade, and four civilians were wounded and taken by the red cross to the local hospital.    urban guerrillas began the attack at 1805.  they struck both the 1st infantry brigade and the national police station in the sacamil neighborhood.    (begin recording) (unidentified military officer) the guerrillas used 60-mm mortars and rpg-18 rocket launchers.  the terrorists traveled in cars.  they destroyed several power poles on 29th street and machinegunned several transformers.  the attack came mainly from the south, where the cohache organization is located, and from the hondua church here.  they also attacked from the northeast, but most of the attackers came from the direction of the national university, firing from there at some (word indistinct) we have in the area.  we had removed the cordon around the university 4 or 5 days ago, and (words indistinct) fired from there.    the wounded include at least three civilians, one of whom is in serious condition and has already been taken by our troops to the military hospital; perhaps five traffic policemen, although this has not been confirmed; and a soldier of the belloso battalion.    no damage was caused here at the garrison.  only a few shells hit the garrison, and these were 60-mm mortar shells, which are not powerful enough to cause damage.  we found six (words indistinct).  as for the rpg's, we found only one (words indistinct) behind the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office (words indistinct).  we found six holes from m-79 shells, but they did not cause great damage.    one of our civilian employees came out slightly wounded from the (word indistinct).    (reporter) colonel, our country will have a new president in a few days. the fmln has called a new transportation stoppage beginning on 31 may and has now attacked the 1st brigade.  based on this evidence, do you feel the fmln will intensify its military actions in san salvador?      (military officer) of course, we are expecting this.  channel 12 has already reported that a transportation stoppage will begin on 31 may. therefore, we believe vigilance must be increased.  we expected this kind of attack.  we have always said we are prepared to repel any terrorist attack, and this was a typical terrorist attack.  from a military standpoint, i do not think the attack was very effective.  the guerrillas used mortars but mostly hurt civilians. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(606, 608, ' mostly hurt', 8.58381462097168), (606, 609, ' mostly hurt civilians', 5.037137508392334), (59, 73, ' three policemen, a soldier of the 1st infantry brigade, and four', 6.741213321685791)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>guerrillas attacked the 1st infantry brigade garrison and the national police station in san salvador's sacamil neighborhood tonight.    according to preliminary reports, at least six fmln guerrillas were killed during the attack.  three policemen, a soldier of the 1st infantry brigade, and four civilians were wounded and taken by the red cross to the local hospital.    urban guerrillas began the attack at 1805.  they struck both the 1st infantry brigade and the national police station in the sacamil neighborhood.    (begin recording) (unidentified military officer) the guerrillas used 60-mm mortars and rpg-18 rocket launchers.  the terrorists traveled in cars.  they destroyed several power poles on 29th street and machinegunned several transformers.  the attack came mainly from the south, where the cohache organization is located, and from the hondua church here.  they also attacked from the northeast, but most of the attackers came from the direction of the national university, firing from there at some (word indistinct) we have in the area.  we had removed the cordon around the university 4 or 5 days ago, and (words indistinct) fired from there.    the wounded include at least three civilians, one of whom is in serious condition and has already been taken by our troops to the military hospital; perhaps five traffic policemen, although this has not been confirmed; and a soldier of the belloso battalion.    no damage was caused here at the garrison.  only a few shells hit the garrison, and these were 60-mm mortar shells, which are not powerful enough to cause damage.  we found six (words indistinct).  as for the rpg's, we found only one (words indistinct) behind the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office (words indistinct).  we found six holes from m-79 shells, but they did not cause great damage.    one of our civilian employees came out slightly wounded from the (word indistinct).    (reporter) colonel, our country will have a new president in a few days. the fmln has called a new transportation stoppage beginning on 31 may and has now attacked the 1st brigade.  based on this evidence, do you feel the fmln will intensify its military actions in san salvador?      (military officer) of course, we are expecting this.  channel 12 has already reported that a transportation stoppage will begin on 31 may. therefore, we believe vigilance must be increased.  we expected this kind of attack.  we have always said we are prepared to repel any terrorist attack, and this was a typical terrorist attack.  from a military standpoint, i do not think the attack was very effective.  the guerrillas used mortars but mostly hurt civilians. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 601, 'end_gold': 616, 'gold': 'illas used mortars but mostly hurt civilians. (end recording)</s><pad>', 'candidates': [(140, 151, ' 60-mm mortars and rpg-18 rocket', 16.42698860168457), (140, 144, ' 60-mm mort', 12.648505210876465), (140, 152, ' 60-mm mortars and rpg-18 rocket launchers', 11.698095321655273)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>oil will not be pumped through the cano limon-covenas pipeline again until 30 may, because it was again blown up today near urum municipality, norte de santander department.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(49, 50, ' department', -11.22187614440918), (49, 49, '', -12.942646980285645), (35, 50, ' blown up today near urum municipality, norte de santander department', -11.357969284057617)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>oil will not be pumped through the cano limon-covenas pipeline again until 30 may, because it was again blown up today near urum municipality, norte de santander department.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(22, 50, 'covenas pipeline again until 30 may, because it was again blown up today near urum municipality, norte de santander department', -9.475101470947266), (22, 24, 'coven', -10.661600112915039), (22, 49, 'covenas pipeline again until 30 may, because it was again blown up today near urum municipality, norte de santander', -10.783581733703613)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>oil will not be pumped through the cano limon-covenas pipeline again until 30 may, because it was again blown up today near urum municipality, norte de santander department.</s>', 'start_gold': 43, 'end_gold': 61, 'gold': 'e de santander department.</s><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(42, 48, ' norte de santander', -4.910253524780273), (42, 49, ' norte de santander department', -5.865189552307129), (42, 47, ' norte de sant', -7.438774108886719)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>oil will not be pumped through the cano limon-covenas pipeline again until 30 may, because it was again blown up today near urum municipality, norte de santander department.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(38, 40, ' urum', -3.53756046295166), (38, 48, ' urum municipality, norte de santander', -3.5464982986450195), (38, 49, ' urum municipality, norte de santander department', -4.330509662628174)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>oil will not be pumped through the cano limon-covenas pipeline again until 30 may, because it was again blown up today near urum municipality, norte de santander department.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(16, 23, ' cano limon-coven', -10.72695541381836), (16, 24, ' cano limon-covenas', -12.10515022277832), (16, 22, ' cano limon-co', -12.20626449584961)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>la paz department police authorities have disclosed that investigations into the murder of two young u.s. citizens are being conducted by a specialized group (not further identified) summoned specially to clarify this crime.    colonel armando santagorda, in a statement to panamericana, said that his group is supported by the chief of police, who has given precise instructions for all policemen to cooperate in the investigations.    moreover, he said that he knew nothing about the arrival in the past few hours of specialized u.s. policemen, allegedly here to cooperate in the investigations that, so far, are under the command and responsibility of the bolivian police forces.      however, santagorda asserted that the institution, in compliance with international agreements, is in permanent contact with police forces of other countries through interpol.    he said that regarding the case of the murdered u.s.  citizens, the police are also exchanging information because the incident is of an international nature. he said that he based his declarations on the preliminary information obtained shortly after the crime.    santagorda said that four peruvians suspects are currently being investigated, and they will have to justify their presence in bolivia.</s>', 'start_gold': 1163, 'end_gold': 1179, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(247, 251, ' four peruvians', -1.1714390516281128), (247, 255, ' four peruvians suspects are currently being', -3.7129316329956055), (247, 250, ' four peruv', -3.7297940254211426)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>la paz department police authorities have disclosed that investigations into the murder of two young u.s. citizens are being conducted by a specialized group (not further identified) summoned specially to clarify this crime.    colonel armando santagorda, in a statement to panamericana, said that his group is supported by the chief of police, who has given precise instructions for all policemen to cooperate in the investigations.    moreover, he said that he knew nothing about the arrival in the past few hours of specialized u.s. policemen, allegedly here to cooperate in the investigations that, so far, are under the command and responsibility of the bolivian police forces.      however, santagorda asserted that the institution, in compliance with international agreements, is in permanent contact with police forces of other countries through interpol.    he said that regarding the case of the murdered u.s.  citizens, the police are also exchanging information because the incident is of an international nature. he said that he based his declarations on the preliminary information obtained shortly after the crime.    santagorda said that four peruvians suspects are currently being investigated, and they will have to justify their presence in bolivia.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(144, 148, ' bolivian police', 3.456481456756592), (144, 147, ' bolivian', 1.2814890146255493), (144, 149, ' bolivian police forces', -0.6641503572463989)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>la paz department police authorities have disclosed that investigations into the murder of two young u.s. citizens are being conducted by a specialized group (not further identified) summoned specially to clarify this crime.    colonel armando santagorda, in a statement to panamericana, said that his group is supported by the chief of police, who has given precise instructions for all policemen to cooperate in the investigations.    moreover, he said that he knew nothing about the arrival in the past few hours of specialized u.s. policemen, allegedly here to cooperate in the investigations that, so far, are under the command and responsibility of the bolivian police forces.      however, santagorda asserted that the institution, in compliance with international agreements, is in permanent contact with police forces of other countries through interpol.    he said that regarding the case of the murdered u.s.  citizens, the police are also exchanging information because the incident is of an international nature. he said that he based his declarations on the preliminary information obtained shortly after the crime.    santagorda said that four peruvians suspects are currently being investigated, and they will have to justify their presence in bolivia.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(25, 29, ' u.s.', -2.4653916358947754), (25, 36, ' u.s. citizens are being conducted by a specialized', -4.187363624572754), (25, 40, ' u.s. citizens are being conducted by a specialized group (not further', -5.2079668045043945)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>la paz department police authorities have disclosed that investigations into the murder of two young u.s. citizens are being conducted by a specialized group (not further identified) summoned specially to clarify this crime.    colonel armando santagorda, in a statement to panamericana, said that his group is supported by the chief of police, who has given precise instructions for all policemen to cooperate in the investigations.    moreover, he said that he knew nothing about the arrival in the past few hours of specialized u.s. policemen, allegedly here to cooperate in the investigations that, so far, are under the command and responsibility of the bolivian police forces.      however, santagorda asserted that the institution, in compliance with international agreements, is in permanent contact with police forces of other countries through interpol.    he said that regarding the case of the murdered u.s.  citizens, the police are also exchanging information because the incident is of an international nature. he said that he based his declarations on the preliminary information obtained shortly after the crime.    santagorda said that four peruvians suspects are currently being investigated, and they will have to justify their presence in bolivia.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(23, 29, ' two young u.s.', 8.468915939331055), (23, 28, ' two young u.s', 3.666334867477417), (23, 48, ' two young u.s. citizens are being conducted by a specialized group (not further identified) summoned specially to clarify this crime', 0.6996290683746338)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>la paz department police authorities have disclosed that investigations into the murder of two young u.s. citizens are being conducted by a specialized group (not further identified) summoned specially to clarify this crime.    colonel armando santagorda, in a statement to panamericana, said that his group is supported by the chief of police, who has given precise instructions for all policemen to cooperate in the investigations.    moreover, he said that he knew nothing about the arrival in the past few hours of specialized u.s. policemen, allegedly here to cooperate in the investigations that, so far, are under the command and responsibility of the bolivian police forces.      however, santagorda asserted that the institution, in compliance with international agreements, is in permanent contact with police forces of other countries through interpol.    he said that regarding the case of the murdered u.s.  citizens, the police are also exchanging information because the incident is of an international nature. he said that he based his declarations on the preliminary information obtained shortly after the crime.    santagorda said that four peruvians suspects are currently being investigated, and they will have to justify their presence in bolivia.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(143, 147, ' bolivian police', 2.935629367828369), (143, 146, ' bolivian', 0.6648538708686829), (143, 148, ' bolivian police forces', 0.18987810611724854)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>salvadoran vice president and interior minister francisco merino referred to the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) document issued hours ago, which denied any responsibility in dr jose antonio rodriguez porth's death:    (begin recording) (merino) the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) has been acting erratically for some time; all its actions are quite erratic.  the fmln plans that the armed forces recently seized include a strategy in which the fmln is to create confusion among the population by not claiming responsibility for certain kinds of actions and crimes.  under these guidelines, the fmln has not claimed responsibility for its actions, to insinuate...(changes thought) to create confusion or give the impression this is a violent situation that has arisen between political groups in the country.    fortunately there is evidence.  the armed forces have the documents that prove that this is a strategy carried out by terrorist groups to perpetrate this kind of action and provoke a confrontation between the political and democratic forces in the country.    other valuable information has been uncovered, but i believe it is more appropriate for the public security authorities to reveal this. terrorists have recently issued declarations revealing this strategy, their modus operandi, and the plans they have for the near future. they have plans to continue dealing blows against the new administration through its officials to force conditions for negotiations in the near future -- as they did with former president duarte's government. (end recording)    vice president merino also referred to another topic in the news, the antiterrorist law:    (begin recording) (merino) we understand the bill has already been sent to the national assembly.  there is (words indistinct) for the defense of democracy, and another one that refers to the antiterrorist law.  the truth is that the executive branch has been quite clear in its position, which was stated by the vice presidency.    the executive branch has clearly stated it cannot let these people continue operating without restrictions or controls, violating the law, disrupting social life, and directly affecting the (words indistinct).  the government and the people must be protected by effective laws so the public security forces can control the situation and so their activities are not interpreted as an abuse of authority.  (words indistinct) penal code that contemplates all the sentences for terrorist crimes; however, they have proved ineffective because they may lack the procedures needed in our current situation. those laws date back many decades; it was never foreseen that el salvador could reach the current deteriorated situation, in which people are killed and the culprits calmly walk away.  newspapers (words indistinct) say that since we are at war, it is easy for them to kill.      (reporter) it is rumored that the law (passage indistinct).      (merino) the provisions already exist; all we have to do is harmonize them.  we must fulfill our obligation.  the constitution (words indistinct) stated that every secondary law should be harmonized with the constitution.  in this case, the penal code, the provisions have been neglected to a certain point, and it is imperative -- if we are going to abide by the constitution -- to adapt them to our situation.  (words indistinct) salvadoran people and no official of a friendly country can interfere with this.    i recently told some journalists who are my friends that vice president quayle's goal was to come and reaffirm his government's support of the new salvadoran government.  he did it on this date because on 1 june he was in charge of the u.s. presidency while president bush was in europe.  his visit to el salvador was not a mere coincidence.  he came to reaffirm the u.s. government's support of president cristiani's government. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(562, 564, ' the culprit', -0.901032567024231), (562, 567, ' the culprits calmly walk', -2.01181697845459), (562, 568, ' the culprits calmly walk away', -5.477986812591553)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>salvadoran vice president and interior minister francisco merino referred to the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) document issued hours ago, which denied any responsibility in dr jose antonio rodriguez porth's death:    (begin recording) (merino) the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) has been acting erratically for some time; all its actions are quite erratic.  the fmln plans that the armed forces recently seized include a strategy in which the fmln is to create confusion among the population by not claiming responsibility for certain kinds of actions and crimes.  under these guidelines, the fmln has not claimed responsibility for its actions, to insinuate...(changes thought) to create confusion or give the impression this is a violent situation that has arisen between political groups in the country.    fortunately there is evidence.  the armed forces have the documents that prove that this is a strategy carried out by terrorist groups to perpetrate this kind of action and provoke a confrontation between the political and democratic forces in the country.    other valuable information has been uncovered, but i believe it is more appropriate for the public security authorities to reveal this. terrorists have recently issued declarations revealing this strategy, their modus operandi, and the plans they have for the near future. they have plans to continue dealing blows against the new administration through its officials to force conditions for negotiations in the near future -- as they did with former president duarte's government. (end recording)    vice president merino also referred to another topic in the news, the antiterrorist law:    (begin recording) (merino) we understand the bill has already been sent to the national assembly.  there is (words indistinct) for the defense of democracy, and another one that refers to the antiterrorist law.  the truth is that the executive branch has been quite clear in its position, which was stated by the vice presidency.    the executive branch has clearly stated it cannot let these people continue operating without restrictions or controls, violating the law, disrupting social life, and directly affecting the (words indistinct).  the government and the people must be protected by effective laws so the public security forces can control the situation and so their activities are not interpreted as an abuse of authority.  (words indistinct) penal code that contemplates all the sentences for terrorist crimes; however, they have proved ineffective because they may lack the procedures needed in our current situation. those laws date back many decades; it was never foreseen that el salvador could reach the current deteriorated situation, in which people are killed and the culprits calmly walk away.  newspapers (words indistinct) say that since we are at war, it is easy for them to kill.      (reporter) it is rumored that the law (passage indistinct).      (merino) the provisions already exist; all we have to do is harmonize them.  we must fulfill our obligation.  the constitution (words indistinct) stated that every secondary law should be harmonized with the constitution.  in this case, the penal code, the provisions have been neglected to a certain point, and it is imperative -- if we are going to abide by the constitution -- to adapt them to our situation.  (words indistinct) salvadoran people and no official of a friendly country can interfere with this.    i recently told some journalists who are my friends that vice president quayle's goal was to come and reaffirm his government's support of the new salvadoran government.  he did it on this date because on 1 june he was in charge of the u.s. presidency while president bush was in europe.  his visit to el salvador was not a mere coincidence.  he came to reaffirm the u.s. government's support of president cristiani's government. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(214, 215, ' terrorist', 9.826591491699219), (214, 214, '', 7.56657600402832), (214, 235, ' terrorist groups to perpetrate this kind of action and provoke a confrontation between the political and democratic forces in the', 2.4464006423950195)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>salvadoran vice president and interior minister francisco merino referred to the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) document issued hours ago, which denied any responsibility in dr jose antonio rodriguez porth's death:    (begin recording) (merino) the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) has been acting erratically for some time; all its actions are quite erratic.  the fmln plans that the armed forces recently seized include a strategy in which the fmln is to create confusion among the population by not claiming responsibility for certain kinds of actions and crimes.  under these guidelines, the fmln has not claimed responsibility for its actions, to insinuate...(changes thought) to create confusion or give the impression this is a violent situation that has arisen between political groups in the country.    fortunately there is evidence.  the armed forces have the documents that prove that this is a strategy carried out by terrorist groups to perpetrate this kind of action and provoke a confrontation between the political and democratic forces in the country.    other valuable information has been uncovered, but i believe it is more appropriate for the public security authorities to reveal this. terrorists have recently issued declarations revealing this strategy, their modus operandi, and the plans they have for the near future. they have plans to continue dealing blows against the new administration through its officials to force conditions for negotiations in the near future -- as they did with former president duarte's government. (end recording)    vice president merino also referred to another topic in the news, the antiterrorist law:    (begin recording) (merino) we understand the bill has already been sent to the national assembly.  there is (words indistinct) for the defense of democracy, and another one that refers to the antiterrorist law.  the truth is that the executive branch has been quite clear in its position, which was stated by the vice presidency.    the executive branch has clearly stated it cannot let these people continue operating without restrictions or controls, violating the law, disrupting social life, and directly affecting the (words indistinct).  the government and the people must be protected by effective laws so the public security forces can control the situation and so their activities are not interpreted as an abuse of authority.  (words indistinct) penal code that contemplates all the sentences for terrorist crimes; however, they have proved ineffective because they may lack the procedures needed in our current situation. those laws date back many decades; it was never foreseen that el salvador could reach the current deteriorated situation, in which people are killed and the culprits calmly walk away.  newspapers (words indistinct) say that since we are at war, it is easy for them to kill.      (reporter) it is rumored that the law (passage indistinct).      (merino) the provisions already exist; all we have to do is harmonize them.  we must fulfill our obligation.  the constitution (words indistinct) stated that every secondary law should be harmonized with the constitution.  in this case, the penal code, the provisions have been neglected to a certain point, and it is imperative -- if we are going to abide by the constitution -- to adapt them to our situation.  (words indistinct) salvadoran people and no official of a friendly country can interfere with this.    i recently told some journalists who are my friends that vice president quayle's goal was to come and reaffirm his government's support of the new salvadoran government.  he did it on this date because on 1 june he was in charge of the u.s. presidency while president bush was in europe.  his visit to el salvador was not a mere coincidence.  he came to reaffirm the u.s. government's support of president cristiani's government. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(213, 214, ' terrorist', 1.2104253768920898), (213, 213, '', -2.2743797302246094), (213, 231, ' terrorist groups to perpetrate this kind of action and provoke a confrontation between the political and democratic', -2.694671154022217)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>salvadoran vice president and interior minister francisco merino referred to the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) document issued hours ago, which denied any responsibility in dr jose antonio rodriguez porth's death:    (begin recording) (merino) the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) has been acting erratically for some time; all its actions are quite erratic.  the fmln plans that the armed forces recently seized include a strategy in which the fmln is to create confusion among the population by not claiming responsibility for certain kinds of actions and crimes.  under these guidelines, the fmln has not claimed responsibility for its actions, to insinuate...(changes thought) to create confusion or give the impression this is a violent situation that has arisen between political groups in the country.    fortunately there is evidence.  the armed forces have the documents that prove that this is a strategy carried out by terrorist groups to perpetrate this kind of action and provoke a confrontation between the political and democratic forces in the country.    other valuable information has been uncovered, but i believe it is more appropriate for the public security authorities to reveal this. terrorists have recently issued declarations revealing this strategy, their modus operandi, and the plans they have for the near future. they have plans to continue dealing blows against the new administration through its officials to force conditions for negotiations in the near future -- as they did with former president duarte's government. (end recording)    vice president merino also referred to another topic in the news, the antiterrorist law:    (begin recording) (merino) we understand the bill has already been sent to the national assembly.  there is (words indistinct) for the defense of democracy, and another one that refers to the antiterrorist law.  the truth is that the executive branch has been quite clear in its position, which was stated by the vice presidency.    the executive branch has clearly stated it cannot let these people continue operating without restrictions or controls, violating the law, disrupting social life, and directly affecting the (words indistinct).  the government and the people must be protected by effective laws so the public security forces can control the situation and so their activities are not interpreted as an abuse of authority.  (words indistinct) penal code that contemplates all the sentences for terrorist crimes; however, they have proved ineffective because they may lack the procedures needed in our current situation. those laws date back many decades; it was never foreseen that el salvador could reach the current deteriorated situation, in which people are killed and the culprits calmly walk away.  newspapers (words indistinct) say that since we are at war, it is easy for them to kill.      (reporter) it is rumored that the law (passage indistinct).      (merino) the provisions already exist; all we have to do is harmonize them.  we must fulfill our obligation.  the constitution (words indistinct) stated that every secondary law should be harmonized with the constitution.  in this case, the penal code, the provisions have been neglected to a certain point, and it is imperative -- if we are going to abide by the constitution -- to adapt them to our situation.  (words indistinct) salvadoran people and no official of a friendly country can interfere with this.    i recently told some journalists who are my friends that vice president quayle's goal was to come and reaffirm his government's support of the new salvadoran government.  he did it on this date because on 1 june he was in charge of the u.s. presidency while president bush was in europe.  his visit to el salvador was not a mere coincidence.  he came to reaffirm the u.s. government's support of president cristiani's government. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(561, 563, ' the culprit', 2.5399374961853027), (561, 566, ' the culprits calmly walk', 1.9563466310501099), (561, 567, ' the culprits calmly walk away', -1.0447449684143066)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>salvadoran vice president and interior minister francisco merino referred to the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) document issued hours ago, which denied any responsibility in dr jose antonio rodriguez porth's death:    (begin recording) (merino) the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) has been acting erratically for some time; all its actions are quite erratic.  the fmln plans that the armed forces recently seized include a strategy in which the fmln is to create confusion among the population by not claiming responsibility for certain kinds of actions and crimes.  under these guidelines, the fmln has not claimed responsibility for its actions, to insinuate...(changes thought) to create confusion or give the impression this is a violent situation that has arisen between political groups in the country.    fortunately there is evidence.  the armed forces have the documents that prove that this is a strategy carried out by terrorist groups to perpetrate this kind of action and provoke a confrontation between the political and democratic forces in the country.    other valuable information has been uncovered, but i believe it is more appropriate for the public security authorities to reveal this. terrorists have recently issued declarations revealing this strategy, their modus operandi, and the plans they have for the near future. they have plans to continue dealing blows against the new administration through its officials to force conditions for negotiations in the near future -- as they did with former president duarte's government. (end recording)    vice president merino also referred to another topic in the news, the antiterrorist law:    (begin recording) (merino) we understand the bill has already been sent to the national assembly.  there is (words indistinct) for the defense of democracy, and another one that refers to the antiterrorist law.  the truth is that the executive branch has been quite clear in its position, which was stated by the vice presidency.    the executive branch has clearly stated it cannot let these people continue operating without restrictions or controls, violating the law, disrupting social life, and directly affecting the (words indistinct).  the government and the people must be protected by effective laws so the public security forces can control the situation and so their activities are not interpreted as an abuse of authority.  (words indistinct) penal code that contemplates all the sentences for terrorist crimes; however, they have proved ineffective because they may lack the procedures needed in our current situation. those laws date back many decades; it was never foreseen that el salvador could reach the current deteriorated situation, in which people are killed and the culprits calmly walk away.  newspapers (words indistinct) say that since we are at war, it is easy for them to kill.      (reporter) it is rumored that the law (passage indistinct).      (merino) the provisions already exist; all we have to do is harmonize them.  we must fulfill our obligation.  the constitution (words indistinct) stated that every secondary law should be harmonized with the constitution.  in this case, the penal code, the provisions have been neglected to a certain point, and it is imperative -- if we are going to abide by the constitution -- to adapt them to our situation.  (words indistinct) salvadoran people and no official of a friendly country can interfere with this.    i recently told some journalists who are my friends that vice president quayle's goal was to come and reaffirm his government's support of the new salvadoran government.  he did it on this date because on 1 june he was in charge of the u.s. presidency while president bush was in europe.  his visit to el salvador was not a mere coincidence.  he came to reaffirm the u.s. government's support of president cristiani's government. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(213, 214, ' terrorist', 5.062197685241699), (213, 213, '', 0.8970024585723877), (213, 231, ' terrorist groups to perpetrate this kind of action and provoke a confrontation between the political and democratic', -0.7422375679016113)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the police have reported in huancayo, located 315 km east of lima, that alleged terrorists today killed dolores hinostroza, the mayor of mulqui district.  hinostroza, who was at home, was shot five times.      hinostroza's children told police that four hooded individuals broke into the house and shot their mother after having insulted her.    the killers also shouted slogans supporting the armed struggle.      dolores hinostroza, 48 years old, did not belong to any political party. she is the second woman mayor killed this week by alleged commando groups of the maoist shining path.</s>", 'start_gold': 258, 'end_gold': 273, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(84, 86, ' hooded', 7.706068992614746), (84, 85, ' hood', 6.728650093078613), (84, 104, ' hooded individuals broke into the house and shot their mother after having insulted her.    the', 4.27348518371582)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the police have reported in huancayo, located 315 km east of lima, that alleged terrorists today killed dolores hinostroza, the mayor of mulqui district.  hinostroza, who was at home, was shot five times.      hinostroza's children told police that four hooded individuals broke into the house and shot their mother after having insulted her.    the killers also shouted slogans supporting the armed struggle.      dolores hinostroza, 48 years old, did not belong to any political party. she is the second woman mayor killed this week by alleged commando groups of the maoist shining path.</s>", 'start_gold': 585, 'end_gold': 599, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(150, 159, ' commando groups of the maoist shining', 8.3699312210083), (150, 157, ' commando groups of the mao', 6.6614227294921875), (150, 152, ' commando', 6.443307876586914)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the police have reported in huancayo, located 315 km east of lima, that alleged terrorists today killed dolores hinostroza, the mayor of mulqui district.  hinostroza, who was at home, was shot five times.      hinostroza's children told police that four hooded individuals broke into the house and shot their mother after having insulted her.    the killers also shouted slogans supporting the armed struggle.      dolores hinostroza, 48 years old, did not belong to any political party. she is the second woman mayor killed this week by alleged commando groups of the maoist shining path.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(33, 40, ' dolores hinostro', -4.288612365722656), (33, 48, ' dolores hinostroza, the mayor of mulqui', -4.63007116317749), (33, 49, ' dolores hinostroza, the mayor of mulqui district', -5.152891159057617)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the police have reported in huancayo, located 315 km east of lima, that alleged terrorists today killed dolores hinostroza, the mayor of mulqui district.  hinostroza, who was at home, was shot five times.      hinostroza's children told police that four hooded individuals broke into the house and shot their mother after having insulted her.    the killers also shouted slogans supporting the armed struggle.      dolores hinostroza, 48 years old, did not belong to any political party. she is the second woman mayor killed this week by alleged commando groups of the maoist shining path.</s>", 'start_gold': 112, 'end_gold': 130, 'gold': '      dolores hinostroza, 48 years old,', 'candidates': [(33, 40, ' dolores hinostro', 2.9939069747924805), (33, 48, ' dolores hinostroza, the mayor of mulqui', 1.959904432296753), (33, 49, ' dolores hinostroza, the mayor of mulqui district', 1.9552278518676758)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the police have reported in huancayo, located 315 km east of lima, that alleged terrorists today killed dolores hinostroza, the mayor of mulqui district.  hinostroza, who was at home, was shot five times.      hinostroza's children told police that four hooded individuals broke into the house and shot their mother after having insulted her.    the killers also shouted slogans supporting the armed struggle.      dolores hinostroza, 48 years old, did not belong to any political party. she is the second woman mayor killed this week by alleged commando groups of the maoist shining path.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(83, 85, ' hooded', 7.931519508361816), (83, 111, ' hooded individuals broke into the house and shot their mother after having insulted her.    the killers also shouted slogans supporting the armed struggle', 4.163300514221191), (83, 84, ' hood', 3.934868335723877)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>blood is flowing in columbia, more abundantly every year.  last year, according to official statistics, there were 4,600 victims of political violence. about half of those killed were peasants.  an "internal war," unleashed by the oligarchy many years ago, is being waged against them.  the activists of the coalition of left-wing parties and organizations, with the participation of the communists -- the patriotic union -- come next, after the peasants.  the people killed include jaime pardo leal, president of its national coordination committee, around 30 deputies, and many municipal advisors and mayors.    the organizers of the "dirty war" and the leaders of the "death squads," and other ultra-right-wing formations and their hired killers, feel that they can go unpunished.  the response to the terror of the right has the armed struggle which has continued for many years and left-wing extremism.    in the past few years, victims of political terror also included representatives of the ruling circles and their law-enforcement organs, waging an unequal struggle against the powerful narcotics mafia.  as a "shadow economy," it is trying to become part of the state structure.  in the past year the narcotics business has "enriched" the country\'s economy with $2 billion and even proposed that it would pay off the gigantic foreign debt.  the narcotics mafia carries out reprisals against its opponents.  the minister of justice, a member of the supreme court, a director of the biggest newspaper espectador, and, a few days ago, antonio roldan betancur, governor of the department of antioquia were killed.  many prosecutors and judges are leaving the country through fear for their own lives and those of their relatives.    the violence is escalating and the impression is being formed that certain forces are trying to take the attention of the 30 million strong population of colombia away from the urgent resolution of pressing social problems by destabilizing internal life.    soviet society, in the name of observing basic human rights and charity, considers that our conscience cannot be reconciled with the orgy of political terror overwhelming colombia.  we appeal to the public of the world to raise their voices against this evil in the name of the common solidarity of mankind.  drastic actions are needed particularly on behalf of international and national law enforcement organizations.    we consider that in colombia itself, dialogue between opposing sides that are taking the stand of patriotism and political realism is necessary.  the fruitfulness of national dialogue has been proved in practice in the past few years by many countries. the vital interests of the tormented colombian people call for civil peace.</s>', 'start_gold': 1105, 'end_gold': 1120, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(58, 60, ' the olig', -0.48631393909454346), (58, 83, ' the oligarchy many years ago, is being waged against them.  the activists of the coalition of left-wing parties and', -4.351198673248291), (59, 60, ' olig', -0.5212430953979492)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>blood is flowing in columbia, more abundantly every year.  last year, according to official statistics, there were 4,600 victims of political violence. about half of those killed were peasants.  an "internal war," unleashed by the oligarchy many years ago, is being waged against them.  the activists of the coalition of left-wing parties and organizations, with the participation of the communists -- the patriotic union -- come next, after the peasants.  the people killed include jaime pardo leal, president of its national coordination committee, around 30 deputies, and many municipal advisors and mayors.    the organizers of the "dirty war" and the leaders of the "death squads," and other ultra-right-wing formations and their hired killers, feel that they can go unpunished.  the response to the terror of the right has the armed struggle which has continued for many years and left-wing extremism.    in the past few years, victims of political terror also included representatives of the ruling circles and their law-enforcement organs, waging an unequal struggle against the powerful narcotics mafia.  as a "shadow economy," it is trying to become part of the state structure.  in the past year the narcotics business has "enriched" the country\'s economy with $2 billion and even proposed that it would pay off the gigantic foreign debt.  the narcotics mafia carries out reprisals against its opponents.  the minister of justice, a member of the supreme court, a director of the biggest newspaper espectador, and, a few days ago, antonio roldan betancur, governor of the department of antioquia were killed.  many prosecutors and judges are leaving the country through fear for their own lives and those of their relatives.    the violence is escalating and the impression is being formed that certain forces are trying to take the attention of the 30 million strong population of colombia away from the urgent resolution of pressing social problems by destabilizing internal life.    soviet society, in the name of observing basic human rights and charity, considers that our conscience cannot be reconciled with the orgy of political terror overwhelming colombia.  we appeal to the public of the world to raise their voices against this evil in the name of the common solidarity of mankind.  drastic actions are needed particularly on behalf of international and national law enforcement organizations.    we consider that in colombia itself, dialogue between opposing sides that are taking the stand of patriotism and political realism is necessary.  the fruitfulness of national dialogue has been proved in practice in the past few years by many countries. the vital interests of the tormented colombian people call for civil peace.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(78, 83, ' left-wing parties and', 5.995136260986328), (78, 90, ' left-wing parties and organizations, with the participation of the', 4.715030193328857), (78, 101, ' left-wing parties and organizations, with the participation of the communists -- the patriotic union -- come next, after the', 4.0886430740356445)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>blood is flowing in columbia, more abundantly every year.  last year, according to official statistics, there were 4,600 victims of political violence. about half of those killed were peasants.  an "internal war," unleashed by the oligarchy many years ago, is being waged against them.  the activists of the coalition of left-wing parties and organizations, with the participation of the communists -- the patriotic union -- come next, after the peasants.  the people killed include jaime pardo leal, president of its national coordination committee, around 30 deputies, and many municipal advisors and mayors.    the organizers of the "dirty war" and the leaders of the "death squads," and other ultra-right-wing formations and their hired killers, feel that they can go unpunished.  the response to the terror of the right has the armed struggle which has continued for many years and left-wing extremism.    in the past few years, victims of political terror also included representatives of the ruling circles and their law-enforcement organs, waging an unequal struggle against the powerful narcotics mafia.  as a "shadow economy," it is trying to become part of the state structure.  in the past year the narcotics business has "enriched" the country\'s economy with $2 billion and even proposed that it would pay off the gigantic foreign debt.  the narcotics mafia carries out reprisals against its opponents.  the minister of justice, a member of the supreme court, a director of the biggest newspaper espectador, and, a few days ago, antonio roldan betancur, governor of the department of antioquia were killed.  many prosecutors and judges are leaving the country through fear for their own lives and those of their relatives.    the violence is escalating and the impression is being formed that certain forces are trying to take the attention of the 30 million strong population of colombia away from the urgent resolution of pressing social problems by destabilizing internal life.    soviet society, in the name of observing basic human rights and charity, considers that our conscience cannot be reconciled with the orgy of political terror overwhelming colombia.  we appeal to the public of the world to raise their voices against this evil in the name of the common solidarity of mankind.  drastic actions are needed particularly on behalf of international and national law enforcement organizations.    we consider that in colombia itself, dialogue between opposing sides that are taking the stand of patriotism and political realism is necessary.  the fruitfulness of national dialogue has been proved in practice in the past few years by many countries. the vital interests of the tormented colombian people call for civil peace.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(290, 299, ' narcotics mafia carries out reprisals against its', -2.1882243156433105), (290, 291, ' narcotics', -3.4713525772094727), (58, 59, ' olig', -2.3026156425476074)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>blood is flowing in columbia, more abundantly every year.  last year, according to official statistics, there were 4,600 victims of political violence. about half of those killed were peasants.  an "internal war," unleashed by the oligarchy many years ago, is being waged against them.  the activists of the coalition of left-wing parties and organizations, with the participation of the communists -- the patriotic union -- come next, after the peasants.  the people killed include jaime pardo leal, president of its national coordination committee, around 30 deputies, and many municipal advisors and mayors.    the organizers of the "dirty war" and the leaders of the "death squads," and other ultra-right-wing formations and their hired killers, feel that they can go unpunished.  the response to the terror of the right has the armed struggle which has continued for many years and left-wing extremism.    in the past few years, victims of political terror also included representatives of the ruling circles and their law-enforcement organs, waging an unequal struggle against the powerful narcotics mafia.  as a "shadow economy," it is trying to become part of the state structure.  in the past year the narcotics business has "enriched" the country\'s economy with $2 billion and even proposed that it would pay off the gigantic foreign debt.  the narcotics mafia carries out reprisals against its opponents.  the minister of justice, a member of the supreme court, a director of the biggest newspaper espectador, and, a few days ago, antonio roldan betancur, governor of the department of antioquia were killed.  many prosecutors and judges are leaving the country through fear for their own lives and those of their relatives.    the violence is escalating and the impression is being formed that certain forces are trying to take the attention of the 30 million strong population of colombia away from the urgent resolution of pressing social problems by destabilizing internal life.    soviet society, in the name of observing basic human rights and charity, considers that our conscience cannot be reconciled with the orgy of political terror overwhelming colombia.  we appeal to the public of the world to raise their voices against this evil in the name of the common solidarity of mankind.  drastic actions are needed particularly on behalf of international and national law enforcement organizations.    we consider that in colombia itself, dialogue between opposing sides that are taking the stand of patriotism and political realism is necessary.  the fruitfulness of national dialogue has been proved in practice in the past few years by many countries. the vital interests of the tormented colombian people call for civil peace.</s>', 'start_gold': 1550, 'end_gold': 1568, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(47, 47, '', 0.5831882953643799), (47, 48, ' peasants', -1.4355727434158325), (47, 59, ' peasants.  an "internal war," unleashed by the olig', -3.10825514793396)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>blood is flowing in columbia, more abundantly every year.  last year, according to official statistics, there were 4,600 victims of political violence. about half of those killed were peasants.  an "internal war," unleashed by the oligarchy many years ago, is being waged against them.  the activists of the coalition of left-wing parties and organizations, with the participation of the communists -- the patriotic union -- come next, after the peasants.  the people killed include jaime pardo leal, president of its national coordination committee, around 30 deputies, and many municipal advisors and mayors.    the organizers of the "dirty war" and the leaders of the "death squads," and other ultra-right-wing formations and their hired killers, feel that they can go unpunished.  the response to the terror of the right has the armed struggle which has continued for many years and left-wing extremism.    in the past few years, victims of political terror also included representatives of the ruling circles and their law-enforcement organs, waging an unequal struggle against the powerful narcotics mafia.  as a "shadow economy," it is trying to become part of the state structure.  in the past year the narcotics business has "enriched" the country\'s economy with $2 billion and even proposed that it would pay off the gigantic foreign debt.  the narcotics mafia carries out reprisals against its opponents.  the minister of justice, a member of the supreme court, a director of the biggest newspaper espectador, and, a few days ago, antonio roldan betancur, governor of the department of antioquia were killed.  many prosecutors and judges are leaving the country through fear for their own lives and those of their relatives.    the violence is escalating and the impression is being formed that certain forces are trying to take the attention of the 30 million strong population of colombia away from the urgent resolution of pressing social problems by destabilizing internal life.    soviet society, in the name of observing basic human rights and charity, considers that our conscience cannot be reconciled with the orgy of political terror overwhelming colombia.  we appeal to the public of the world to raise their voices against this evil in the name of the common solidarity of mankind.  drastic actions are needed particularly on behalf of international and national law enforcement organizations.    we consider that in colombia itself, dialogue between opposing sides that are taking the stand of patriotism and political realism is necessary.  the fruitfulness of national dialogue has been proved in practice in the past few years by many countries. the vital interests of the tormented colombian people call for civil peace.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(154, 163, ' ultra-right-wing formations and their hired', 4.125467777252197), (154, 159, ' ultra-right-wing', 2.0084569454193115), (154, 164, ' ultra-right-wing formations and their hired killers', 1.7931451797485352)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>for the second time, unidentified terrorists dynamited the oil pipeline between huila department and barrancabermeja.  meanwhile, ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise) workers are repairing the cano limon-covenas pipeline and cleaning up the arauca river along the venezuelan border, where a huge oil spill was caused by another attack against the oil pipeline.    authorities confirmed that there was a powerful dynamite explosion at the vina-puerto salgar oil pipeline, located approximately 30 km from natagaima, in northern huila department, causing an undetermined amount of crude oil to spill.    this is the second time in less than 1 month that terrorists have attacked the oil pipeline operated by houston oil and ecopetrol.  a few weeks ago, terrorists destroyed the pipeline near aipe, which caused another oil spill.    meanwhile, operators from the state-run oil company yesterday began repairing the cano limon-covenas oil pipeline dynamited on the night of 12 july in arauquita jurisdiction, which forced the suspension of oil pumping from arauca intendancy's oil fields to the gulf of morrosquillo.    members of the contingency team supported by petroven (venezuelan petroleum, inc.) and the venezuelan environment and natural resources ministry are cleaning up a huge oil spill at the arauca river caused by the 7 july attack against the cano limon-covenas oil pipeline.  that attack resulted in a spill of 13,000 barrels of oil, which severely contaminated farming areas and the arauca river, to the point that the potable water service was temporarily suspended in arauca's capital city.</s>", 'start_gold': 30, 'end_gold': 44, 'gold': 'abermeja.  meanwhile, ecopetrol (colomb', 'candidates': [(16, 16, '', 11.98956298828125), (16, 32, ' terrorists dynamited the oil pipeline between huila department and barrancaberme', 3.391111373901367), (16, 21, ' terrorists dynamited the oil', 3.0462076663970947)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>for the second time, unidentified terrorists dynamited the oil pipeline between huila department and barrancabermeja.  meanwhile, ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise) workers are repairing the cano limon-covenas pipeline and cleaning up the arauca river along the venezuelan border, where a huge oil spill was caused by another attack against the oil pipeline.    authorities confirmed that there was a powerful dynamite explosion at the vina-puerto salgar oil pipeline, located approximately 30 km from natagaima, in northern huila department, causing an undetermined amount of crude oil to spill.    this is the second time in less than 1 month that terrorists have attacked the oil pipeline operated by houston oil and ecopetrol.  a few weeks ago, terrorists destroyed the pipeline near aipe, which caused another oil spill.    meanwhile, operators from the state-run oil company yesterday began repairing the cano limon-covenas oil pipeline dynamited on the night of 12 july in arauquita jurisdiction, which forced the suspension of oil pumping from arauca intendancy's oil fields to the gulf of morrosquillo.    members of the contingency team supported by petroven (venezuelan petroleum, inc.) and the venezuelan environment and natural resources ministry are cleaning up a huge oil spill at the arauca river caused by the 7 july attack against the cano limon-covenas oil pipeline.  that attack resulted in a spill of 13,000 barrels of oil, which severely contaminated farming areas and the arauca river, to the point that the potable water service was temporarily suspended in arauca's capital city.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(166, 173, ' houston oil and ecopet', 7.441431999206543), (166, 174, ' houston oil and ecopetrol', 4.779201507568359), (166, 181, ' houston oil and ecopetrol.  a few weeks ago,', 2.398913860321045)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>for the second time, unidentified terrorists dynamited the oil pipeline between huila department and barrancabermeja.  meanwhile, ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise) workers are repairing the cano limon-covenas pipeline and cleaning up the arauca river along the venezuelan border, where a huge oil spill was caused by another attack against the oil pipeline.    authorities confirmed that there was a powerful dynamite explosion at the vina-puerto salgar oil pipeline, located approximately 30 km from natagaima, in northern huila department, causing an undetermined amount of crude oil to spill.    this is the second time in less than 1 month that terrorists have attacked the oil pipeline operated by houston oil and ecopetrol.  a few weeks ago, terrorists destroyed the pipeline near aipe, which caused another oil spill.    meanwhile, operators from the state-run oil company yesterday began repairing the cano limon-covenas oil pipeline dynamited on the night of 12 july in arauquita jurisdiction, which forced the suspension of oil pumping from arauca intendancy's oil fields to the gulf of morrosquillo.    members of the contingency team supported by petroven (venezuelan petroleum, inc.) and the venezuelan environment and natural resources ministry are cleaning up a huge oil spill at the arauca river caused by the 7 july attack against the cano limon-covenas oil pipeline.  that attack resulted in a spill of 13,000 barrels of oil, which severely contaminated farming areas and the arauca river, to the point that the potable water service was temporarily suspended in arauca's capital city.</s>", 'start_gold': 67, 'end_gold': 79, 'gold': ' river along the venezuelan border, where a huge oil', 'candidates': [(165, 172, ' houston oil and ecopet', 3.9428744316101074), (165, 173, ' houston oil and ecopetrol', 2.37463116645813), (165, 167, ' houston', -1.8329230546951294)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>for the second time, unidentified terrorists dynamited the oil pipeline between huila department and barrancabermeja.  meanwhile, ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise) workers are repairing the cano limon-covenas pipeline and cleaning up the arauca river along the venezuelan border, where a huge oil spill was caused by another attack against the oil pipeline.    authorities confirmed that there was a powerful dynamite explosion at the vina-puerto salgar oil pipeline, located approximately 30 km from natagaima, in northern huila department, causing an undetermined amount of crude oil to spill.    this is the second time in less than 1 month that terrorists have attacked the oil pipeline operated by houston oil and ecopetrol.  a few weeks ago, terrorists destroyed the pipeline near aipe, which caused another oil spill.    meanwhile, operators from the state-run oil company yesterday began repairing the cano limon-covenas oil pipeline dynamited on the night of 12 july in arauquita jurisdiction, which forced the suspension of oil pumping from arauca intendancy's oil fields to the gulf of morrosquillo.    members of the contingency team supported by petroven (venezuelan petroleum, inc.) and the venezuelan environment and natural resources ministry are cleaning up a huge oil spill at the arauca river caused by the 7 july attack against the cano limon-covenas oil pipeline.  that attack resulted in a spill of 13,000 barrels of oil, which severely contaminated farming areas and the arauca river, to the point that the potable water service was temporarily suspended in arauca's capital city.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(15, 15, '', -3.855502128601074), (15, 31, ' terrorists dynamited the oil pipeline between huila department and barrancaberme', -4.901690483093262), (15, 32, ' terrorists dynamited the oil pipeline between huila department and barrancabermeja', -6.4727983474731445)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>for the second time, unidentified terrorists dynamited the oil pipeline between huila department and barrancabermeja.  meanwhile, ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise) workers are repairing the cano limon-covenas pipeline and cleaning up the arauca river along the venezuelan border, where a huge oil spill was caused by another attack against the oil pipeline.    authorities confirmed that there was a powerful dynamite explosion at the vina-puerto salgar oil pipeline, located approximately 30 km from natagaima, in northern huila department, causing an undetermined amount of crude oil to spill.    this is the second time in less than 1 month that terrorists have attacked the oil pipeline operated by houston oil and ecopetrol.  a few weeks ago, terrorists destroyed the pipeline near aipe, which caused another oil spill.    meanwhile, operators from the state-run oil company yesterday began repairing the cano limon-covenas oil pipeline dynamited on the night of 12 july in arauquita jurisdiction, which forced the suspension of oil pumping from arauca intendancy's oil fields to the gulf of morrosquillo.    members of the contingency team supported by petroven (venezuelan petroleum, inc.) and the venezuelan environment and natural resources ministry are cleaning up a huge oil spill at the arauca river caused by the 7 july attack against the cano limon-covenas oil pipeline.  that attack resulted in a spill of 13,000 barrels of oil, which severely contaminated farming areas and the arauca river, to the point that the potable water service was temporarily suspended in arauca's capital city.</s>", 'start_gold': 53, 'end_gold': 66, 'gold': ' limon-covenas pipeline and cleaning up the ara', 'candidates': [(15, 15, '', 7.449743270874023), (15, 20, ' terrorists dynamited the oil', -0.4423701763153076), (15, 32, ' terrorists dynamited the oil pipeline between huila department and barrancabermeja', -0.5218234062194824)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>san salvador domestic service in spanish at 0202 gmt on 21 july broadcasts a 1 hour and 11 minute live or recorded speech "to the nation" by salvadoran president alfredo cristiani on "the current situation in the country and the national recovery plan."  no date or place is given.    cristiani begins by saying that this is his first report to the nation after 50 days as president.  he notes that since he assumed power on 1 june, the farabundo marti national liberation front has increased its level of violence and its number of "indiscriminate killings."  he says that there is no reason for this since he expressed on 1 june his desire find a peaceful solution to the conflict in the country.    cristiani says that since 1 june he has repeatedly called for a peace dialogue, adding:  "in order to begin a dialogue of this nature, it must be held in two phases:  naturally, during the first phase both sides must sit down to discuss the mechanisms to develop that dialogue process, a timetable for the talks, and the place where the talks will be held.  in other words, the first phase will be to determine how the dialogue process will take place.  the second phase -- once an agreement is reached on how the dialogue will be held -- is what will be discussed.  in that regard, our government has not set any conditions.  we are willing to discuss any topic, because we know that we must find solutions to many things, and we are willing to do so.  the only condition we have demanded for this dialogue process is that, once it begins, it should not be interrupted for any reason.  we believe that people want peace as soon as possible, and we cannot hold talks for years.  once we sit down to talk, that dialogue should continue until an overall solution is found to the conflict.  that is our government\'s position, and we maintain that position because we believe it is the most logical one."    turning to economic matters, cristiani says that the country needs to solve three problems:  the fiscal deficit, inflation, and unemployment.  he says that as a first step to begin the national economic recovery is to reform the government\'s pricing policy, adding:  "we must protect low-income groups, and for this reason we have asked the economy minister to begin a process aimed at eliminating price controls.  we believe that we can eliminate price controls on 230 products without having a major impact on the majority of the public and that we can keep staple products under the control of the economy ministry."  he says that price controls on staples like basic grains, powdered milk, flour, coffee, sugar, vegetable oil and lard, cement for housing, and oil by-products will not be eliminated.    regarding the transportation sector, cristiani says: "we agreed with the transportation sector to deregulate the differential service. to allow them to continue serving low-income segments of the population while charging current fares, we will also allow them to offer the higher-priced service.  in other words, people will be able to choose what kind of service they want to use: whether they continue to use the low-priced service or a better, more comfortable, and faster service."    on electricity rates, cristiani says: "we feel that adjustments to electricity rates should be applied as a result of power that is wasted, that is, because it is power that is being consumed beyond what is needed to live normally.  the increase in electricity rates will be directly proportional to the consumption of energy in each home.  we believe that with this initial measure, the cel (lempa river hydroelectric executive commission) solve problems."    turning to other economic measures, cristiani says:  "we have to take short-term measures too.  in this respect, the most logical step is to take measures that will affect consumption and not revenues. thus, we have asked the finance minister to take measures related to taxes.  he is to consolidate tax payments and only exempt the previously mentioned basic bread basket items from the present 5-percent tax.  we have to start eliminating tax exemptions.  only exports should have some type of monetary incentive because our country is interested in developing its exports.  the rest of the country\'s economic sectors should be taxed at the same rate."    cristiani adds:  "we are going to modify the system of paying income tax.  we believe that the current system is based on unjust regulations, on revenues earned the previous year that do not reflect a firm\'s present situation.  thus, we are going to request that income-tax payments be based on a small percentage of the firm\'s present sales; these are a truer and more accurate reflection of a firm\'s income."    cristiani says that the country\'s</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(1020, 1022, ' the country', 2.463890552520752), (1020, 1021, ' the', -1.2289988994598389), (133, 137, 'indiscriminate', 1.6347565650939941)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>san salvador domestic service in spanish at 0202 gmt on 21 july broadcasts a 1 hour and 11 minute live or recorded speech "to the nation" by salvadoran president alfredo cristiani on "the current situation in the country and the national recovery plan."  no date or place is given.    cristiani begins by saying that this is his first report to the nation after 50 days as president.  he notes that since he assumed power on 1 june, the farabundo marti national liberation front has increased its level of violence and its number of "indiscriminate killings."  he says that there is no reason for this since he expressed on 1 june his desire find a peaceful solution to the conflict in the country.    cristiani says that since 1 june he has repeatedly called for a peace dialogue, adding:  "in order to begin a dialogue of this nature, it must be held in two phases:  naturally, during the first phase both sides must sit down to discuss the mechanisms to develop that dialogue process, a timetable for the talks, and the place where the talks will be held.  in other words, the first phase will be to determine how the dialogue process will take place.  the second phase -- once an agreement is reached on how the dialogue will be held -- is what will be discussed.  in that regard, our government has not set any conditions.  we are willing to discuss any topic, because we know that we must find solutions to many things, and we are willing to do so.  the only condition we have demanded for this dialogue process is that, once it begins, it should not be interrupted for any reason.  we believe that people want peace as soon as possible, and we cannot hold talks for years.  once we sit down to talk, that dialogue should continue until an overall solution is found to the conflict.  that is our government\'s position, and we maintain that position because we believe it is the most logical one."    turning to economic matters, cristiani says that the country needs to solve three problems:  the fiscal deficit, inflation, and unemployment.  he says that as a first step to begin the national economic recovery is to reform the government\'s pricing policy, adding:  "we must protect low-income groups, and for this reason we have asked the economy minister to begin a process aimed at eliminating price controls.  we believe that we can eliminate price controls on 230 products without having a major impact on the majority of the public and that we can keep staple products under the control of the economy ministry."  he says that price controls on staples like basic grains, powdered milk, flour, coffee, sugar, vegetable oil and lard, cement for housing, and oil by-products will not be eliminated.    regarding the transportation sector, cristiani says: "we agreed with the transportation sector to deregulate the differential service. to allow them to continue serving low-income segments of the population while charging current fares, we will also allow them to offer the higher-priced service.  in other words, people will be able to choose what kind of service they want to use: whether they continue to use the low-priced service or a better, more comfortable, and faster service."    on electricity rates, cristiani says: "we feel that adjustments to electricity rates should be applied as a result of power that is wasted, that is, because it is power that is being consumed beyond what is needed to live normally.  the increase in electricity rates will be directly proportional to the consumption of energy in each home.  we believe that with this initial measure, the cel (lempa river hydroelectric executive commission) solve problems."    turning to other economic measures, cristiani says:  "we have to take short-term measures too.  in this respect, the most logical step is to take measures that will affect consumption and not revenues. thus, we have asked the finance minister to take measures related to taxes.  he is to consolidate tax payments and only exempt the previously mentioned basic bread basket items from the present 5-percent tax.  we have to start eliminating tax exemptions.  only exports should have some type of monetary incentive because our country is interested in developing its exports.  the rest of the country\'s economic sectors should be taxed at the same rate."    cristiani adds:  "we are going to modify the system of paying income tax.  we believe that the current system is based on unjust regulations, on revenues earned the previous year that do not reflect a firm\'s present situation.  thus, we are going to request that income-tax payments be based on a small percentage of the firm\'s present sales; these are a truer and more accurate reflection of a firm\'s income."    cristiani says that the country\'s</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(114, 137, ' farabundo marti national liberation front has increased its level of violence and its number of "indiscriminate', 1.6921188831329346), (114, 138, ' farabundo marti national liberation front has increased its level of violence and its number of "indiscriminate killings', 1.5780491828918457), (114, 121, ' farabundo marti national liberation', 1.4667463302612305)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>san salvador domestic service in spanish at 0202 gmt on 21 july broadcasts a 1 hour and 11 minute live or recorded speech "to the nation" by salvadoran president alfredo cristiani on "the current situation in the country and the national recovery plan."  no date or place is given.    cristiani begins by saying that this is his first report to the nation after 50 days as president.  he notes that since he assumed power on 1 june, the farabundo marti national liberation front has increased its level of violence and its number of "indiscriminate killings."  he says that there is no reason for this since he expressed on 1 june his desire find a peaceful solution to the conflict in the country.    cristiani says that since 1 june he has repeatedly called for a peace dialogue, adding:  "in order to begin a dialogue of this nature, it must be held in two phases:  naturally, during the first phase both sides must sit down to discuss the mechanisms to develop that dialogue process, a timetable for the talks, and the place where the talks will be held.  in other words, the first phase will be to determine how the dialogue process will take place.  the second phase -- once an agreement is reached on how the dialogue will be held -- is what will be discussed.  in that regard, our government has not set any conditions.  we are willing to discuss any topic, because we know that we must find solutions to many things, and we are willing to do so.  the only condition we have demanded for this dialogue process is that, once it begins, it should not be interrupted for any reason.  we believe that people want peace as soon as possible, and we cannot hold talks for years.  once we sit down to talk, that dialogue should continue until an overall solution is found to the conflict.  that is our government\'s position, and we maintain that position because we believe it is the most logical one."    turning to economic matters, cristiani says that the country needs to solve three problems:  the fiscal deficit, inflation, and unemployment.  he says that as a first step to begin the national economic recovery is to reform the government\'s pricing policy, adding:  "we must protect low-income groups, and for this reason we have asked the economy minister to begin a process aimed at eliminating price controls.  we believe that we can eliminate price controls on 230 products without having a major impact on the majority of the public and that we can keep staple products under the control of the economy ministry."  he says that price controls on staples like basic grains, powdered milk, flour, coffee, sugar, vegetable oil and lard, cement for housing, and oil by-products will not be eliminated.    regarding the transportation sector, cristiani says: "we agreed with the transportation sector to deregulate the differential service. to allow them to continue serving low-income segments of the population while charging current fares, we will also allow them to offer the higher-priced service.  in other words, people will be able to choose what kind of service they want to use: whether they continue to use the low-priced service or a better, more comfortable, and faster service."    on electricity rates, cristiani says: "we feel that adjustments to electricity rates should be applied as a result of power that is wasted, that is, because it is power that is being consumed beyond what is needed to live normally.  the increase in electricity rates will be directly proportional to the consumption of energy in each home.  we believe that with this initial measure, the cel (lempa river hydroelectric executive commission) solve problems."    turning to other economic measures, cristiani says:  "we have to take short-term measures too.  in this respect, the most logical step is to take measures that will affect consumption and not revenues. thus, we have asked the finance minister to take measures related to taxes.  he is to consolidate tax payments and only exempt the previously mentioned basic bread basket items from the present 5-percent tax.  we have to start eliminating tax exemptions.  only exports should have some type of monetary incentive because our country is interested in developing its exports.  the rest of the country\'s economic sectors should be taxed at the same rate."    cristiani adds:  "we are going to modify the system of paying income tax.  we believe that the current system is based on unjust regulations, on revenues earned the previous year that do not reflect a firm\'s present situation.  thus, we are going to request that income-tax payments be based on a small percentage of the firm\'s present sales; these are a truer and more accurate reflection of a firm\'s income."    cristiani says that the country\'s monetary</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(488, 491, ' low-income', -1.466848611831665), (488, 511, ' low-income groups, and for this reason we have asked the economy minister to begin a process aimed at eliminating price', -4.214932441711426), (132, 137, 'indiscriminate killings', -0.0480157732963562)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>san salvador domestic service in spanish at 0202 gmt on 21 july broadcasts a 1 hour and 11 minute live or recorded speech "to the nation" by salvadoran president alfredo cristiani on "the current situation in the country and the national recovery plan."  no date or place is given.    cristiani begins by saying that this is his first report to the nation after 50 days as president.  he notes that since he assumed power on 1 june, the farabundo marti national liberation front has increased its level of violence and its number of "indiscriminate killings."  he says that there is no reason for this since he expressed on 1 june his desire find a peaceful solution to the conflict in the country.    cristiani says that since 1 june he has repeatedly called for a peace dialogue, adding:  "in order to begin a dialogue of this nature, it must be held in two phases:  naturally, during the first phase both sides must sit down to discuss the mechanisms to develop that dialogue process, a timetable for the talks, and the place where the talks will be held.  in other words, the first phase will be to determine how the dialogue process will take place.  the second phase -- once an agreement is reached on how the dialogue will be held -- is what will be discussed.  in that regard, our government has not set any conditions.  we are willing to discuss any topic, because we know that we must find solutions to many things, and we are willing to do so.  the only condition we have demanded for this dialogue process is that, once it begins, it should not be interrupted for any reason.  we believe that people want peace as soon as possible, and we cannot hold talks for years.  once we sit down to talk, that dialogue should continue until an overall solution is found to the conflict.  that is our government\'s position, and we maintain that position because we believe it is the most logical one."    turning to economic matters, cristiani says that the country needs to solve three problems:  the fiscal deficit, inflation, and unemployment.  he says that as a first step to begin the national economic recovery is to reform the government\'s pricing policy, adding:  "we must protect low-income groups, and for this reason we have asked the economy minister to begin a process aimed at eliminating price controls.  we believe that we can eliminate price controls on 230 products without having a major impact on the majority of the public and that we can keep staple products under the control of the economy ministry."  he says that price controls on staples like basic grains, powdered milk, flour, coffee, sugar, vegetable oil and lard, cement for housing, and oil by-products will not be eliminated.    regarding the transportation sector, cristiani says: "we agreed with the transportation sector to deregulate the differential service. to allow them to continue serving low-income segments of the population while charging current fares, we will also allow them to offer the higher-priced service.  in other words, people will be able to choose what kind of service they want to use: whether they continue to use the low-priced service or a better, more comfortable, and faster service."    on electricity rates, cristiani says: "we feel that adjustments to electricity rates should be applied as a result of power that is wasted, that is, because it is power that is being consumed beyond what is needed to live normally.  the increase in electricity rates will be directly proportional to the consumption of energy in each home.  we believe that with this initial measure, the cel (lempa river hydroelectric executive commission) solve problems."    turning to other economic measures, cristiani says:  "we have to take short-term measures too.  in this respect, the most logical step is to take measures that will affect consumption and not revenues. thus, we have asked the finance minister to take measures related to taxes.  he is to consolidate tax payments and only exempt the previously mentioned basic bread basket items from the present 5-percent tax.  we have to start eliminating tax exemptions.  only exports should have some type of monetary incentive because our country is interested in developing its exports.  the rest of the country\'s economic sectors should be taxed at the same rate."    cristiani adds:  "we are going to modify the system of paying income tax.  we believe that the current system is based on unjust regulations, on revenues earned the previous year that do not reflect a firm\'s present situation.  thus, we are going to request that income-tax payments be based on a small percentage of the firm\'s present sales; these are a truer and more accurate reflection of a firm\'s income."    cristiani says that the country\'s monetary</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(488, 491, ' low-income', 4.377228260040283), (488, 492, ' low-income groups', -0.5925507545471191), (488, 490, ' low-', -1.3017394542694092)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>san salvador domestic service in spanish at 0202 gmt on 21 july broadcasts a 1 hour and 11 minute live or recorded speech "to the nation" by salvadoran president alfredo cristiani on "the current situation in the country and the national recovery plan."  no date or place is given.    cristiani begins by saying that this is his first report to the nation after 50 days as president.  he notes that since he assumed power on 1 june, the farabundo marti national liberation front has increased its level of violence and its number of "indiscriminate killings."  he says that there is no reason for this since he expressed on 1 june his desire find a peaceful solution to the conflict in the country.    cristiani says that since 1 june he has repeatedly called for a peace dialogue, adding:  "in order to begin a dialogue of this nature, it must be held in two phases:  naturally, during the first phase both sides must sit down to discuss the mechanisms to develop that dialogue process, a timetable for the talks, and the place where the talks will be held.  in other words, the first phase will be to determine how the dialogue process will take place.  the second phase -- once an agreement is reached on how the dialogue will be held -- is what will be discussed.  in that regard, our government has not set any conditions.  we are willing to discuss any topic, because we know that we must find solutions to many things, and we are willing to do so.  the only condition we have demanded for this dialogue process is that, once it begins, it should not be interrupted for any reason.  we believe that people want peace as soon as possible, and we cannot hold talks for years.  once we sit down to talk, that dialogue should continue until an overall solution is found to the conflict.  that is our government\'s position, and we maintain that position because we believe it is the most logical one."    turning to economic matters, cristiani says that the country needs to solve three problems:  the fiscal deficit, inflation, and unemployment.  he says that as a first step to begin the national economic recovery is to reform the government\'s pricing policy, adding:  "we must protect low-income groups, and for this reason we have asked the economy minister to begin a process aimed at eliminating price controls.  we believe that we can eliminate price controls on 230 products without having a major impact on the majority of the public and that we can keep staple products under the control of the economy ministry."  he says that price controls on staples like basic grains, powdered milk, flour, coffee, sugar, vegetable oil and lard, cement for housing, and oil by-products will not be eliminated.    regarding the transportation sector, cristiani says: "we agreed with the transportation sector to deregulate the differential service. to allow them to continue serving low-income segments of the population while charging current fares, we will also allow them to offer the higher-priced service.  in other words, people will be able to choose what kind of service they want to use: whether they continue to use the low-priced service or a better, more comfortable, and faster service."    on electricity rates, cristiani says: "we feel that adjustments to electricity rates should be applied as a result of power that is wasted, that is, because it is power that is being consumed beyond what is needed to live normally.  the increase in electricity rates will be directly proportional to the consumption of energy in each home.  we believe that with this initial measure, the cel (lempa river hydroelectric executive commission) solve problems."    turning to other economic measures, cristiani says:  "we have to take short-term measures too.  in this respect, the most logical step is to take measures that will affect consumption and not revenues. thus, we have asked the finance minister to take measures related to taxes.  he is to consolidate tax payments and only exempt the previously mentioned basic bread basket items from the present 5-percent tax.  we have to start eliminating tax exemptions.  only exports should have some type of monetary incentive because our country is interested in developing its exports.  the rest of the country\'s economic sectors should be taxed at the same rate."    cristiani adds:  "we are going to modify the system of paying income tax.  we believe that the current system is based on unjust regulations, on revenues earned the previous year that do not reflect a firm\'s present situation.  thus, we are going to request that income-tax payments be based on a small percentage of the firm\'s present sales; these are a truer and more accurate reflection of a firm\'s income."    cristiani says that the country\'s monetary</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(113, 137, ' farabundo marti national liberation front has increased its level of violence and its number of "indiscriminate killings', 1.6375583410263062), (113, 120, ' farabundo marti national liberation', 1.2800968885421753), (113, 136, ' farabundo marti national liberation front has increased its level of violence and its number of "indiscriminate', 1.160093903541565)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>1. during the years of dictatorship, chilean foreign relations were divided into two processes. on the one hand, as the dictatorship became more and more isolated, it was increasingly condemned in international fora and repudiated by international public opinion. on the other hand, as more and more countries and organizations expressed their support for a free chile and generously granted their solidarity to our cause, our organizations and democratic parties became increasingly open to the world. thus, they expanded their horizons and contributed their experiences.    2. during this period, the party has substantially strengthened its international relations and enhanced its vision of the international situation. it has strengthened its ties with the latin american peoples' revolutionary and democratic cause, and it has fully immersed itself in the great debates of world socialism. to these debates we brought our views on a profoundly renewed leftist socialism committed to democracy, development, and social change.    3. our relations with the parties that make up the international socialist (si) and with the si organization itself have been enriched within this context. this strengthening of ties has been the result of two things. first, it is based on the position that in compliance with its principles the si has upheld regarding the chilean situation. in october 1973, a few days after the coup, si chairman willy brandt condemned the end of the chilean democracy and president allende's assassination at the un general assembly. at the time he also said this was a great step backward for those who aspired to achieve socialism through democratic means. since then, the si has been permanently mobilized in favor of chile by making the chilean cause and salvador allende the symbols of all international struggle for democracy and change. it is within this framework of interest and cooperation that the voice of chilean socialism has been heard and our ideas and proposals praised.    4. the second reason stems from the process of expansion and transformation experienced by the si in the past 2 decades. the overall process of change that took place in the world during this period -- the technological revolution, the growing interdependence among nations, expansion of communications, global nuclear and military proliferation, the emergence of developing countries as international counterparts, the worsening of extreme poverty and international inequalities, the progress of liberation struggles in the third world, international awareness of the values of democracy and human rights -- has also effected major changes in the ideas and positions of socialist parties around the world. in this framework, the si has expanded its outlook, has increasingly renewed its ideas and, above all, has accepted pluralism within its fold as well as a broad internal debate about the best way to promote the cause of an autonomous, democratic socialism. it should be noted that this debate acquired a democratic, antifascist content as a result of the major role played by socialist forces that have engaged in a long antifascist struggle. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(68, 92, ' countries and organizations expressed their support for a free chile and generously granted their solidarity to our cause, our organizations and democratic', 0.012648552656173706), (68, 70, ' countries and', -0.39858478307724), (68, 68, '', -3.752035140991211)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>1. during the years of dictatorship, chilean foreign relations were divided into two processes. on the one hand, as the dictatorship became more and more isolated, it was increasingly condemned in international fora and repudiated by international public opinion. on the other hand, as more and more countries and organizations expressed their support for a free chile and generously granted their solidarity to our cause, our organizations and democratic parties became increasingly open to the world. thus, they expanded their horizons and contributed their experiences.    2. during this period, the party has substantially strengthened its international relations and enhanced its vision of the international situation. it has strengthened its ties with the latin american peoples' revolutionary and democratic cause, and it has fully immersed itself in the great debates of world socialism. to these debates we brought our views on a profoundly renewed leftist socialism committed to democracy, development, and social change.    3. our relations with the parties that make up the international socialist (si) and with the si organization itself have been enriched within this context. this strengthening of ties has been the result of two things. first, it is based on the position that in compliance with its principles the si has upheld regarding the chilean situation. in october 1973, a few days after the coup, si chairman willy brandt condemned the end of the chilean democracy and president allende's assassination at the un general assembly. at the time he also said this was a great step backward for those who aspired to achieve socialism through democratic means. since then, the si has been permanently mobilized in favor of chile by making the chilean cause and salvador allende the symbols of all international struggle for democracy and change. it is within this framework of interest and cooperation that the voice of chilean socialism has been heard and our ideas and proposals praised.    4. the second reason stems from the process of expansion and transformation experienced by the si in the past 2 decades. the overall process of change that took place in the world during this period -- the technological revolution, the growing interdependence among nations, expansion of communications, global nuclear and military proliferation, the emergence of developing countries as international counterparts, the worsening of extreme poverty and international inequalities, the progress of liberation struggles in the third world, international awareness of the values of democracy and human rights -- has also effected major changes in the ideas and positions of socialist parties around the world. in this framework, the si has expanded its outlook, has increasingly renewed its ideas and, above all, has accepted pluralism within its fold as well as a broad internal debate about the best way to promote the cause of an autonomous, democratic socialism. it should be noted that this debate acquired a democratic, antifascist content as a result of the major role played by socialist forces that have engaged in a long antifascist struggle. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(91, 92, ' democratic', 5.25006103515625), (91, 98, ' democratic parties became increasingly open to the', 1.100987195968628), (91, 99, ' democratic parties became increasingly open to the world', 0.23904871940612793)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>1. during the years of dictatorship, chilean foreign relations were divided into two processes. on the one hand, as the dictatorship became more and more isolated, it was increasingly condemned in international fora and repudiated by international public opinion. on the other hand, as more and more countries and organizations expressed their support for a free chile and generously granted their solidarity to our cause, our organizations and democratic parties became increasingly open to the world. thus, they expanded their horizons and contributed their experiences.    2. during this period, the party has substantially strengthened its international relations and enhanced its vision of the international situation. it has strengthened its ties with the latin american peoples' revolutionary and democratic cause, and it has fully immersed itself in the great debates of world socialism. to these debates we brought our views on a profoundly renewed leftist socialism committed to democracy, development, and social change.    3. our relations with the parties that make up the international socialist (si) and with the si organization itself have been enriched within this context. this strengthening of ties has been the result of two things. first, it is based on the position that in compliance with its principles the si has upheld regarding the chilean situation. in october 1973, a few days after the coup, si chairman willy brandt condemned the end of the chilean democracy and president allende's assassination at the un general assembly. at the time he also said this was a great step backward for those who aspired to achieve socialism through democratic means. since then, the si has been permanently mobilized in favor of chile by making the chilean cause and salvador allende the symbols of all international struggle for democracy and change. it is within this framework of interest and cooperation that the voice of chilean socialism has been heard and our ideas and proposals praised.    4. the second reason stems from the process of expansion and transformation experienced by the si in the past 2 decades. the overall process of change that took place in the world during this period -- the technological revolution, the growing interdependence among nations, expansion of communications, global nuclear and military proliferation, the emergence of developing countries as international counterparts, the worsening of extreme poverty and international inequalities, the progress of liberation struggles in the third world, international awareness of the values of democracy and human rights -- has also effected major changes in the ideas and positions of socialist parties around the world. in this framework, the si has expanded its outlook, has increasingly renewed its ideas and, above all, has accepted pluralism within its fold as well as a broad internal debate about the best way to promote the cause of an autonomous, democratic socialism. it should be noted that this debate acquired a democratic, antifascist content as a result of the major role played by socialist forces that have engaged in a long antifascist struggle. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(501, 502, ' socialist', -2.7279176712036133), (501, 505, ' socialist parties around the', -2.8748269081115723), (501, 516, ' socialist parties around the world. in this framework, the si has expanded its', -4.229863166809082)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>1. during the years of dictatorship, chilean foreign relations were divided into two processes. on the one hand, as the dictatorship became more and more isolated, it was increasingly condemned in international fora and repudiated by international public opinion. on the other hand, as more and more countries and organizations expressed their support for a free chile and generously granted their solidarity to our cause, our organizations and democratic parties became increasingly open to the world. thus, they expanded their horizons and contributed their experiences.    2. during this period, the party has substantially strengthened its international relations and enhanced its vision of the international situation. it has strengthened its ties with the latin american peoples' revolutionary and democratic cause, and it has fully immersed itself in the great debates of world socialism. to these debates we brought our views on a profoundly renewed leftist socialism committed to democracy, development, and social change.    3. our relations with the parties that make up the international socialist (si) and with the si organization itself have been enriched within this context. this strengthening of ties has been the result of two things. first, it is based on the position that in compliance with its principles the si has upheld regarding the chilean situation. in october 1973, a few days after the coup, si chairman willy brandt condemned the end of the chilean democracy and president allende's assassination at the un general assembly. at the time he also said this was a great step backward for those who aspired to achieve socialism through democratic means. since then, the si has been permanently mobilized in favor of chile by making the chilean cause and salvador allende the symbols of all international struggle for democracy and change. it is within this framework of interest and cooperation that the voice of chilean socialism has been heard and our ideas and proposals praised.    4. the second reason stems from the process of expansion and transformation experienced by the si in the past 2 decades. the overall process of change that took place in the world during this period -- the technological revolution, the growing interdependence among nations, expansion of communications, global nuclear and military proliferation, the emergence of developing countries as international counterparts, the worsening of extreme poverty and international inequalities, the progress of liberation struggles in the third world, international awareness of the values of democracy and human rights -- has also effected major changes in the ideas and positions of socialist parties around the world. in this framework, the si has expanded its outlook, has increasingly renewed its ideas and, above all, has accepted pluralism within its fold as well as a broad internal debate about the best way to promote the cause of an autonomous, democratic socialism. it should be noted that this debate acquired a democratic, antifascist content as a result of the major role played by socialist forces that have engaged in a long antifascist struggle. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(0, 0, 'no answer', 0), (501, 505, ' socialist parties around the', -8.831551551818848), (501, 516, ' socialist parties around the world. in this framework, the si has expanded its', -9.07038402557373)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>1. during the years of dictatorship, chilean foreign relations were divided into two processes. on the one hand, as the dictatorship became more and more isolated, it was increasingly condemned in international fora and repudiated by international public opinion. on the other hand, as more and more countries and organizations expressed their support for a free chile and generously granted their solidarity to our cause, our organizations and democratic parties became increasingly open to the world. thus, they expanded their horizons and contributed their experiences.    2. during this period, the party has substantially strengthened its international relations and enhanced its vision of the international situation. it has strengthened its ties with the latin american peoples' revolutionary and democratic cause, and it has fully immersed itself in the great debates of world socialism. to these debates we brought our views on a profoundly renewed leftist socialism committed to democracy, development, and social change.    3. our relations with the parties that make up the international socialist (si) and with the si organization itself have been enriched within this context. this strengthening of ties has been the result of two things. first, it is based on the position that in compliance with its principles the si has upheld regarding the chilean situation. in october 1973, a few days after the coup, si chairman willy brandt condemned the end of the chilean democracy and president allende's assassination at the un general assembly. at the time he also said this was a great step backward for those who aspired to achieve socialism through democratic means. since then, the si has been permanently mobilized in favor of chile by making the chilean cause and salvador allende the symbols of all international struggle for democracy and change. it is within this framework of interest and cooperation that the voice of chilean socialism has been heard and our ideas and proposals praised.    4. the second reason stems from the process of expansion and transformation experienced by the si in the past 2 decades. the overall process of change that took place in the world during this period -- the technological revolution, the growing interdependence among nations, expansion of communications, global nuclear and military proliferation, the emergence of developing countries as international counterparts, the worsening of extreme poverty and international inequalities, the progress of liberation struggles in the third world, international awareness of the values of democracy and human rights -- has also effected major changes in the ideas and positions of socialist parties around the world. in this framework, the si has expanded its outlook, has increasingly renewed its ideas and, above all, has accepted pluralism within its fold as well as a broad internal debate about the best way to promote the cause of an autonomous, democratic socialism. it should be noted that this debate acquired a democratic, antifascist content as a result of the major role played by socialist forces that have engaged in a long antifascist struggle. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(445, 449, ' global nuclear and military', 4.938511371612549), (445, 450, ' global nuclear and military proliferation', 0.4302060604095459), (445, 448, ' global nuclear and', 0.3133871555328369)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>danilo barillas, former guatemalan ambassador to spain and leader of the ruling christian democratic party (pdc), was killed today by unidentified individuals in this capital, the police reported.    according to official reports, barillas was heading downtown from his home in southern guatemala city when he was intercepted by a group of unidentified individuals, who shot him down with machinegun fire.    the police said that so far the identities of the attackers are unknown. this is the first pdc leader killed since president vinicio cerezo assumed power in january 1986.</s>', 'start_gold': 143, 'end_gold': 157, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(40, 41, ' unidentified', 5.886516094207764), (40, 40, '', 5.751808166503906), (40, 49, ' unidentified individuals in this capital, the police reported', -0.5273823738098145)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>danilo barillas, former guatemalan ambassador to spain and leader of the ruling christian democratic party (pdc), was killed today by unidentified individuals in this capital, the police reported.    according to official reports, barillas was heading downtown from his home in southern guatemala city when he was intercepted by a group of unidentified individuals, who shot him down with machinegun fire.    the police said that so far the identities of the attackers are unknown. this is the first pdc leader killed since president vinicio cerezo assumed power in january 1986.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(40, 41, ' unidentified', 7.860055923461914), (40, 40, '', 6.481161117553711), (40, 49, ' unidentified individuals in this capital, the police reported', 0.9183104038238525)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>danilo barillas, former guatemalan ambassador to spain and leader of the ruling christian democratic party (pdc), was killed today by unidentified individuals in this capital, the police reported.    according to official reports, barillas was heading downtown from his home in southern guatemala city when he was intercepted by a group of unidentified individuals, who shot him down with machinegun fire.    the police said that so far the identities of the attackers are unknown. this is the first pdc leader killed since president vinicio cerezo assumed power in january 1986.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(39, 40, ' unidentified', -1.8437793254852295), (39, 39, '', -3.8893179893493652), (39, 43, ' unidentified individuals in this', -7.426367282867432)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>danilo barillas, former guatemalan ambassador to spain and leader of the ruling christian democratic party (pdc), was killed today by unidentified individuals in this capital, the police reported.    according to official reports, barillas was heading downtown from his home in southern guatemala city when he was intercepted by a group of unidentified individuals, who shot him down with machinegun fire.    the police said that so far the identities of the attackers are unknown. this is the first pdc leader killed since president vinicio cerezo assumed power in january 1986.</s>', 'start_gold': 8, 'end_gold': 22, 'gold': '</s>danilo barillas, former guatemalan ambassador to spain', 'candidates': [(39, 40, ' unidentified', 3.248767375946045), (39, 39, '', 1.6165612936019897), (39, 43, ' unidentified individuals in this', -2.912125587463379)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>danilo barillas, former guatemalan ambassador to spain and leader of the ruling christian democratic party (pdc), was killed today by unidentified individuals in this capital, the police reported.    according to official reports, barillas was heading downtown from his home in southern guatemala city when he was intercepted by a group of unidentified individuals, who shot him down with machinegun fire.    the police said that so far the identities of the attackers are unknown. this is the first pdc leader killed since president vinicio cerezo assumed power in january 1986.</s>', 'start_gold': 397, 'end_gold': 409, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(76, 80, ' a group of unidentified', 5.527721881866455), (76, 104, ' a group of unidentified individuals, who shot him down with machinegun fire.    the police said that so far the identities of the', 3.120569944381714), (76, 89, ' a group of unidentified individuals, who shot him down with machinegun', 2.5852179527282715)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>mr president, one of the topics to be discussed deals with the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    (azcona) i believe that at this summit the central (words indistinct).     (reporter) how, mr president?    (azcona) well, i do not know.  it is not easy to solve this problem. none of the problems will be easy to solve.      (reporter) is there a possibility for dialogue?    (azcona) yes, but the nicaraguan government would also have to hold a dialogue with the nicaraguan resistance.    (reporter) i am the voz de nicaragua reporter.  what is your opinion of the agreement reached by the nicaraguan government with the political parties?    (azcona) well, i read the agreement last night and believe it to be a step forward.  incidentally, i read it twice last night and it is a very long document.  i am talking about the agreement with the parties that are truly opposition parties and not the one made with the other parties because these are not really opposition parties.    (reporter) what i wanted was your opinion on the demobilization of the contras from honduras.      (azcona) oh, you are talking about the small document that makes demands, demands, and more demands.  this document has no value.      (reporter) i mean the document signed with the 21 political parties...      (azcona, interrupting) that agreement is valuable but it does not mention the contra demobilization.  the document states that the nicaraguan government and the opposition parties agree that the esquipulas ii and costa del sol agreements should be abided by.  this is the document i read twice, and i believe it is quite serious and a step forward.    (reporter) what will you do to get the mercenaries to leave your country?    (azcona) first, i do not use derogatory terms.  they are nicaraguans who for different reasons disagree with the system in nicaragua.  these nicaraguans oppose the system, and for this and other reasons they have taken up arms against the system and have taken refuge in honduras.  i do not use the term mercenary.  i understand the nicaraguan government uses it and it is all right for them to do so, but i will not answer a question that uses a term that i believe is too derogatory.    (reporter) the demobilization plan has a very firm deadline and is to be completed within 90 days.  do you think...    (azcona, interrupting) no, no.  the 90-day deadline is included in an agreement signed by nicaraguan president ortega with three small nicaraguan leftist parties.  i do not believe this document is very important.  i do believe, however, that the agreement signed by the nicaraguan president and the opposition parties is important because it is based on the esquipulas ii and costa del sol agreements.  (words indistinct) terrorists in el salvador and contras are presently not active, so both situations -- contras and guerrillas -- are different.    (reporter) is it true that president cristiani is going to present a parallel program at the summit?    (azcona) (words indistinct) president cristiani comes to the summit as el salvador's legitimate president.  he has the right to present his points of view.  he has the right to contribute to the solution of problems in other countries as well as to ones in his own country.    (reporter) is there a possibility that a demobilization plan for the salvadoran guerrillas will be studied at this summit if president cristinai presents one?    (azcona) of course.  he has a right to do so.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(443, 443, '', 2.565589189529419), (443, 472, ' mercenaries to leave your country?    (azcona) first, i do not use derogatory terms.  they are nicaragu', 1.895678997039795), (443, 447, ' mercenaries to leave your', -2.2747464179992676)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>mr president, one of the topics to be discussed deals with the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    (azcona) i believe that at this summit the central (words indistinct).     (reporter) how, mr president?    (azcona) well, i do not know.  it is not easy to solve this problem. none of the problems will be easy to solve.      (reporter) is there a possibility for dialogue?    (azcona) yes, but the nicaraguan government would also have to hold a dialogue with the nicaraguan resistance.    (reporter) i am the voz de nicaragua reporter.  what is your opinion of the agreement reached by the nicaraguan government with the political parties?    (azcona) well, i read the agreement last night and believe it to be a step forward.  incidentally, i read it twice last night and it is a very long document.  i am talking about the agreement with the parties that are truly opposition parties and not the one made with the other parties because these are not really opposition parties.    (reporter) what i wanted was your opinion on the demobilization of the contras from honduras.      (azcona) oh, you are talking about the small document that makes demands, demands, and more demands.  this document has no value.      (reporter) i mean the document signed with the 21 political parties...      (azcona, interrupting) that agreement is valuable but it does not mention the contra demobilization.  the document states that the nicaraguan government and the opposition parties agree that the esquipulas ii and costa del sol agreements should be abided by.  this is the document i read twice, and i believe it is quite serious and a step forward.    (reporter) what will you do to get the mercenaries to leave your country?    (azcona) first, i do not use derogatory terms.  they are nicaraguans who for different reasons disagree with the system in nicaragua.  these nicaraguans oppose the system, and for this and other reasons they have taken up arms against the system and have taken refuge in honduras.  i do not use the term mercenary.  i understand the nicaraguan government uses it and it is all right for them to do so, but i will not answer a question that uses a term that i believe is too derogatory.    (reporter) the demobilization plan has a very firm deadline and is to be completed within 90 days.  do you think...    (azcona, interrupting) no, no.  the 90-day deadline is included in an agreement signed by nicaraguan president ortega with three small nicaraguan leftist parties.  i do not believe this document is very important.  i do believe, however, that the agreement signed by the nicaraguan president and the opposition parties is important because it is based on the esquipulas ii and costa del sol agreements.  (words indistinct) terrorists in el salvador and contras are presently not active, so both situations -- contras and guerrillas -- are different.    (reporter) is it true that president cristiani is going to present a parallel program at the summit?    (azcona) (words indistinct) president cristiani comes to the summit as el salvador's legitimate president.  he has the right to present his points of view.  he has the right to contribute to the solution of problems in other countries as well as to ones in his own country.    (reporter) is there a possibility that a demobilization plan for the salvadoran guerrillas will be studied at this summit if president cristinai presents one?    (azcona) of course.  he has a right to do so.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(443, 443, '', 1.8668287992477417), (443, 472, ' mercenaries to leave your country?    (azcona) first, i do not use derogatory terms.  they are nicaragu', 0.020821332931518555), (443, 447, ' mercenaries to leave your', -2.613795757293701)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>mr president, one of the topics to be discussed deals with the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    (azcona) i believe that at this summit the central (words indistinct).     (reporter) how, mr president?    (azcona) well, i do not know.  it is not easy to solve this problem. none of the problems will be easy to solve.      (reporter) is there a possibility for dialogue?    (azcona) yes, but the nicaraguan government would also have to hold a dialogue with the nicaraguan resistance.    (reporter) i am the voz de nicaragua reporter.  what is your opinion of the agreement reached by the nicaraguan government with the political parties?    (azcona) well, i read the agreement last night and believe it to be a step forward.  incidentally, i read it twice last night and it is a very long document.  i am talking about the agreement with the parties that are truly opposition parties and not the one made with the other parties because these are not really opposition parties.    (reporter) what i wanted was your opinion on the demobilization of the contras from honduras.      (azcona) oh, you are talking about the small document that makes demands, demands, and more demands.  this document has no value.      (reporter) i mean the document signed with the 21 political parties...      (azcona, interrupting) that agreement is valuable but it does not mention the contra demobilization.  the document states that the nicaraguan government and the opposition parties agree that the esquipulas ii and costa del sol agreements should be abided by.  this is the document i read twice, and i believe it is quite serious and a step forward.    (reporter) what will you do to get the mercenaries to leave your country?    (azcona) first, i do not use derogatory terms.  they are nicaraguans who for different reasons disagree with the system in nicaragua.  these nicaraguans oppose the system, and for this and other reasons they have taken up arms against the system and have taken refuge in honduras.  i do not use the term mercenary.  i understand the nicaraguan government uses it and it is all right for them to do so, but i will not answer a question that uses a term that i believe is too derogatory.    (reporter) the demobilization plan has a very firm deadline and is to be completed within 90 days.  do you think...    (azcona, interrupting) no, no.  the 90-day deadline is included in an agreement signed by nicaraguan president ortega with three small nicaraguan leftist parties.  i do not believe this document is very important.  i do believe, however, that the agreement signed by the nicaraguan president and the opposition parties is important because it is based on the esquipulas ii and costa del sol agreements.  (words indistinct) terrorists in el salvador and contras are presently not active, so both situations -- contras and guerrillas -- are different.    (reporter) is it true that president cristiani is going to present a parallel program at the summit?    (azcona) (words indistinct) president cristiani comes to the summit as el salvador's legitimate president.  he has the right to present his points of view.  he has the right to contribute to the solution of problems in other countries as well as to ones in his own country.    (reporter) is there a possibility that a demobilization plan for the salvadoran guerrillas will be studied at this summit if president cristinai presents one?    (azcona) of course.  he has a right to do so.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(716, 721, ' contras and guerr', 1.9162099361419678), (716, 724, ' contras and guerrillas -- are', -1.9061471223831177), (716, 722, ' contras and guerrillas', -1.9813748598098755)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>mr president, one of the topics to be discussed deals with the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    (azcona) i believe that at this summit the central (words indistinct).     (reporter) how, mr president?    (azcona) well, i do not know.  it is not easy to solve this problem. none of the problems will be easy to solve.      (reporter) is there a possibility for dialogue?    (azcona) yes, but the nicaraguan government would also have to hold a dialogue with the nicaraguan resistance.    (reporter) i am the voz de nicaragua reporter.  what is your opinion of the agreement reached by the nicaraguan government with the political parties?    (azcona) well, i read the agreement last night and believe it to be a step forward.  incidentally, i read it twice last night and it is a very long document.  i am talking about the agreement with the parties that are truly opposition parties and not the one made with the other parties because these are not really opposition parties.    (reporter) what i wanted was your opinion on the demobilization of the contras from honduras.      (azcona) oh, you are talking about the small document that makes demands, demands, and more demands.  this document has no value.      (reporter) i mean the document signed with the 21 political parties...      (azcona, interrupting) that agreement is valuable but it does not mention the contra demobilization.  the document states that the nicaraguan government and the opposition parties agree that the esquipulas ii and costa del sol agreements should be abided by.  this is the document i read twice, and i believe it is quite serious and a step forward.    (reporter) what will you do to get the mercenaries to leave your country?    (azcona) first, i do not use derogatory terms.  they are nicaraguans who for different reasons disagree with the system in nicaragua.  these nicaraguans oppose the system, and for this and other reasons they have taken up arms against the system and have taken refuge in honduras.  i do not use the term mercenary.  i understand the nicaraguan government uses it and it is all right for them to do so, but i will not answer a question that uses a term that i believe is too derogatory.    (reporter) the demobilization plan has a very firm deadline and is to be completed within 90 days.  do you think...    (azcona, interrupting) no, no.  the 90-day deadline is included in an agreement signed by nicaraguan president ortega with three small nicaraguan leftist parties.  i do not believe this document is very important.  i do believe, however, that the agreement signed by the nicaraguan president and the opposition parties is important because it is based on the esquipulas ii and costa del sol agreements.  (words indistinct) terrorists in el salvador and contras are presently not active, so both situations -- contras and guerrillas -- are different.    (reporter) is it true that president cristiani is going to present a parallel program at the summit?    (azcona) (words indistinct) president cristiani comes to the summit as el salvador's legitimate president.  he has the right to present his points of view.  he has the right to contribute to the solution of problems in other countries as well as to ones in his own country.    (reporter) is there a possibility that a demobilization plan for the salvadoran guerrillas will be studied at this summit if president cristinai presents one?    (azcona) of course.  he has a right to do so.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(837, 842, ' salvadoran guerr', 0.9445997476577759), (716, 721, ' contras and guerr', -1.3812496662139893), (466, 471, ' they are nicaragu', -2.431086301803589)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>mr president, one of the topics to be discussed deals with the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    (azcona) i believe that at this summit the central (words indistinct).     (reporter) how, mr president?    (azcona) well, i do not know.  it is not easy to solve this problem. none of the problems will be easy to solve.      (reporter) is there a possibility for dialogue?    (azcona) yes, but the nicaraguan government would also have to hold a dialogue with the nicaraguan resistance.    (reporter) i am the voz de nicaragua reporter.  what is your opinion of the agreement reached by the nicaraguan government with the political parties?    (azcona) well, i read the agreement last night and believe it to be a step forward.  incidentally, i read it twice last night and it is a very long document.  i am talking about the agreement with the parties that are truly opposition parties and not the one made with the other parties because these are not really opposition parties.    (reporter) what i wanted was your opinion on the demobilization of the contras from honduras.      (azcona) oh, you are talking about the small document that makes demands, demands, and more demands.  this document has no value.      (reporter) i mean the document signed with the 21 political parties...      (azcona, interrupting) that agreement is valuable but it does not mention the contra demobilization.  the document states that the nicaraguan government and the opposition parties agree that the esquipulas ii and costa del sol agreements should be abided by.  this is the document i read twice, and i believe it is quite serious and a step forward.    (reporter) what will you do to get the mercenaries to leave your country?    (azcona) first, i do not use derogatory terms.  they are nicaraguans who for different reasons disagree with the system in nicaragua.  these nicaraguans oppose the system, and for this and other reasons they have taken up arms against the system and have taken refuge in honduras.  i do not use the term mercenary.  i understand the nicaraguan government uses it and it is all right for them to do so, but i will not answer a question that uses a term that i believe is too derogatory.    (reporter) the demobilization plan has a very firm deadline and is to be completed within 90 days.  do you think...    (azcona, interrupting) no, no.  the 90-day deadline is included in an agreement signed by nicaraguan president ortega with three small nicaraguan leftist parties.  i do not believe this document is very important.  i do believe, however, that the agreement signed by the nicaraguan president and the opposition parties is important because it is based on the esquipulas ii and costa del sol agreements.  (words indistinct) terrorists in el salvador and contras are presently not active, so both situations -- contras and guerrillas -- are different.    (reporter) is it true that president cristiani is going to present a parallel program at the summit?    (azcona) (words indistinct) president cristiani comes to the summit as el salvador's legitimate president.  he has the right to present his points of view.  he has the right to contribute to the solution of problems in other countries as well as to ones in his own country.    (reporter) is there a possibility that a demobilization plan for the salvadoran guerrillas will be studied at this summit if president cristinai presents one?    (azcona) of course.  he has a right to do so.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(487, 490, ' nicaragu', 1.2379634380340576), (487, 516, ' nicaraguans oppose the system, and for this and other reasons they have taken up arms against the system and have taken refuge in hond', 0.23296988010406494), (487, 508, ' nicaraguans oppose the system, and for this and other reasons they have taken up arms against the', -1.0047142505645752)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>we have reports from the feliciano ama western front and the anastasio aquino para-central front:    the first report indicates that at 0745 on 6 august, snipers attacked the civilian defense post in the village of el ahogado, canton la isla, metapan municipality.  our forces inflicted one enemy casualty.  at 1330 that same day, enemy positions located in cerro majatepeque, masahuat jurisdiction, santa ana department were attacked with rifle fire and they sustained another casualty.    on 7 august, our forces clashed with the 2d infantry brigade, which was carrying out an operation in northern metapan.  following is the result of the clashes: at 0900 we inflicted two casualties, one with a mine and another by sniperfire near finca el pinal.  two more casualties were inflicted at 1025 near plan galan.  we inflicted two more casualties at 1050, when we carried out an ambush with rifle fire at puertas negras.  two helicopters arrived at 1200; one was a transport helicopter and the other was a rocket launching helicopter.  our anti-aircraft units opened fire (words indistinct) and one of the helicopters flew about the area for an hour and fired rockets at the site of the clash.  at 1550, we inflicted a casualty with a mine at el pinal farm, and at 1630 we inflicted another casualty with a mine.  by 1800, we had inflicted 10 enemy casualties, thus concluding this day of victorious combats.    our combat continued on 8 august.  our forces clashed with a combined 2d infantry brigade and national police patrol in the village of las marias, (name indistinct) jurisdiction.  (words indistinct) at finca miramar, inflicting three more casualties on the 2d infantry brigade troops.    the clashes continued on 9 august: at 1600, our snipers attacked the 2d infantry brigade troops near finca el limon, and we inflicted one casualty.    in sum, we have inflicted 16 casualties on the enemy in clashes that occurred between 6 and 9 august.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(50, 50, '', 6.620731830596924), (50, 55, ' snipers attacked the civilian defense', 4.353630065917969), (50, 73, ' snipers attacked the civilian defense post in the village of el ahogado, canton la isla, metapan', 3.4456183910369873)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>we have reports from the feliciano ama western front and the anastasio aquino para-central front:    the first report indicates that at 0745 on 6 august, snipers attacked the civilian defense post in the village of el ahogado, canton la isla, metapan municipality.  our forces inflicted one enemy casualty.  at 1330 that same day, enemy positions located in cerro majatepeque, masahuat jurisdiction, santa ana department were attacked with rifle fire and they sustained another casualty.    on 7 august, our forces clashed with the 2d infantry brigade, which was carrying out an operation in northern metapan.  following is the result of the clashes: at 0900 we inflicted two casualties, one with a mine and another by sniperfire near finca el pinal.  two more casualties were inflicted at 1025 near plan galan.  we inflicted two more casualties at 1050, when we carried out an ambush with rifle fire at puertas negras.  two helicopters arrived at 1200; one was a transport helicopter and the other was a rocket launching helicopter.  our anti-aircraft units opened fire (words indistinct) and one of the helicopters flew about the area for an hour and fired rockets at the site of the clash.  at 1550, we inflicted a casualty with a mine at el pinal farm, and at 1630 we inflicted another casualty with a mine.  by 1800, we had inflicted 10 enemy casualties, thus concluding this day of victorious combats.    our combat continued on 8 august.  our forces clashed with a combined 2d infantry brigade and national police patrol in the village of las marias, (name indistinct) jurisdiction.  (words indistinct) at finca miramar, inflicting three more casualties on the 2d infantry brigade troops.    the clashes continued on 9 august: at 1600, our snipers attacked the 2d infantry brigade troops near finca el limon, and we inflicted one casualty.    in sum, we have inflicted 16 casualties on the enemy in clashes that occurred between 6 and 9 august.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(50, 50, '', 8.232865333557129), (50, 55, ' snipers attacked the civilian defense', 6.700018882751465), (50, 73, ' snipers attacked the civilian defense post in the village of el ahogado, canton la isla, metapan', 6.055176734924316)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>we have reports from the feliciano ama western front and the anastasio aquino para-central front:    the first report indicates that at 0745 on 6 august, snipers attacked the civilian defense post in the village of el ahogado, canton la isla, metapan municipality.  our forces inflicted one enemy casualty.  at 1330 that same day, enemy positions located in cerro majatepeque, masahuat jurisdiction, santa ana department were attacked with rifle fire and they sustained another casualty.    on 7 august, our forces clashed with the 2d infantry brigade, which was carrying out an operation in northern metapan.  following is the result of the clashes: at 0900 we inflicted two casualties, one with a mine and another by sniperfire near finca el pinal.  two more casualties were inflicted at 1025 near plan galan.  we inflicted two more casualties at 1050, when we carried out an ambush with rifle fire at puertas negras.  two helicopters arrived at 1200; one was a transport helicopter and the other was a rocket launching helicopter.  our anti-aircraft units opened fire (words indistinct) and one of the helicopters flew about the area for an hour and fired rockets at the site of the clash.  at 1550, we inflicted a casualty with a mine at el pinal farm, and at 1630 we inflicted another casualty with a mine.  by 1800, we had inflicted 10 enemy casualties, thus concluding this day of victorious combats.    our combat continued on 8 august.  our forces clashed with a combined 2d infantry brigade and national police patrol in the village of las marias, (name indistinct) jurisdiction.  (words indistinct) at finca miramar, inflicting three more casualties on the 2d infantry brigade troops.    the clashes continued on 9 august: at 1600, our snipers attacked the 2d infantry brigade troops near finca el limon, and we inflicted one casualty.    in sum, we have inflicted 16 casualties on the enemy in clashes that occurred between 6 and 9 august.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(49, 72, ' snipers attacked the civilian defense post in the village of el ahogado, canton la isla, metapan', 4.100873947143555), (49, 54, ' snipers attacked the civilian defense', 3.4723358154296875), (49, 49, '', 2.92760968208313)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>we have reports from the feliciano ama western front and the anastasio aquino para-central front:    the first report indicates that at 0745 on 6 august, snipers attacked the civilian defense post in the village of el ahogado, canton la isla, metapan municipality.  our forces inflicted one enemy casualty.  at 1330 that same day, enemy positions located in cerro majatepeque, masahuat jurisdiction, santa ana department were attacked with rifle fire and they sustained another casualty.    on 7 august, our forces clashed with the 2d infantry brigade, which was carrying out an operation in northern metapan.  following is the result of the clashes: at 0900 we inflicted two casualties, one with a mine and another by sniperfire near finca el pinal.  two more casualties were inflicted at 1025 near plan galan.  we inflicted two more casualties at 1050, when we carried out an ambush with rifle fire at puertas negras.  two helicopters arrived at 1200; one was a transport helicopter and the other was a rocket launching helicopter.  our anti-aircraft units opened fire (words indistinct) and one of the helicopters flew about the area for an hour and fired rockets at the site of the clash.  at 1550, we inflicted a casualty with a mine at el pinal farm, and at 1630 we inflicted another casualty with a mine.  by 1800, we had inflicted 10 enemy casualties, thus concluding this day of victorious combats.    our combat continued on 8 august.  our forces clashed with a combined 2d infantry brigade and national police patrol in the village of las marias, (name indistinct) jurisdiction.  (words indistinct) at finca miramar, inflicting three more casualties on the 2d infantry brigade troops.    the clashes continued on 9 august: at 1600, our snipers attacked the 2d infantry brigade troops near finca el limon, and we inflicted one casualty.    in sum, we have inflicted 16 casualties on the enemy in clashes that occurred between 6 and 9 august.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(49, 72, ' snipers attacked the civilian defense post in the village of el ahogado, canton la isla, metapan', -0.3733038902282715), (49, 73, ' snipers attacked the civilian defense post in the village of el ahogado, canton la isla, metapan municipality', -0.6881579756736755), (49, 54, ' snipers attacked the civilian defense', -0.9496663212776184)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>we have reports from the feliciano ama western front and the anastasio aquino para-central front:    the first report indicates that at 0745 on 6 august, snipers attacked the civilian defense post in the village of el ahogado, canton la isla, metapan municipality.  our forces inflicted one enemy casualty.  at 1330 that same day, enemy positions located in cerro majatepeque, masahuat jurisdiction, santa ana department were attacked with rifle fire and they sustained another casualty.    on 7 august, our forces clashed with the 2d infantry brigade, which was carrying out an operation in northern metapan.  following is the result of the clashes: at 0900 we inflicted two casualties, one with a mine and another by sniperfire near finca el pinal.  two more casualties were inflicted at 1025 near plan galan.  we inflicted two more casualties at 1050, when we carried out an ambush with rifle fire at puertas negras.  two helicopters arrived at 1200; one was a transport helicopter and the other was a rocket launching helicopter.  our anti-aircraft units opened fire (words indistinct) and one of the helicopters flew about the area for an hour and fired rockets at the site of the clash.  at 1550, we inflicted a casualty with a mine at el pinal farm, and at 1630 we inflicted another casualty with a mine.  by 1800, we had inflicted 10 enemy casualties, thus concluding this day of victorious combats.    our combat continued on 8 august.  our forces clashed with a combined 2d infantry brigade and national police patrol in the village of las marias, (name indistinct) jurisdiction.  (words indistinct) at finca miramar, inflicting three more casualties on the 2d infantry brigade troops.    the clashes continued on 9 august: at 1600, our snipers attacked the 2d infantry brigade troops near finca el limon, and we inflicted one casualty.    in sum, we have inflicted 16 casualties on the enemy in clashes that occurred between 6 and 9 august.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(49, 49, '', 2.744607925415039), (49, 54, ' snipers attacked the civilian defense', -0.864740252494812), (49, 72, ' snipers attacked the civilian defense post in the village of el ahogado, canton la isla, metapan', -1.4911645650863647)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>two criminal attacks, the resignation of three judges, and a 24-hour strike by workers in the judicial sector--this sums up the judicial situation in colombia over the past 20 days.  the chaotic situation unleashed in bogota last night with the assasination of justice carlos valencia began on 28 july in medellin, when motorized paid assasins murdered third public order judge maria elena diaz.  diaz\' murder unleashed a wave of protests; 17,000 empemployees from the legal sector staged a strike on 1 august and forced a statement from the government.    (begin recording) (president of national association of the judicial branch antonio suarez) i am warning the country that the next murder in the judicial branch will necessarily result in the collective resignation of all the judges.  (end recording)    protective measures have been adopted for all judges and work continues.  on 14 august, due to death threats against his daughter, first public order judge alvaro medina moreno, who was investigating the wanumen arms-trafficking case and the attack on the das (administrative department of security) director, announced his resignation.  two days later, on 16 august, due to death threats the eighth public order judge in medellin, who was investigating the governor of antioquia\'s murder, resigned.    shortly before justice valencia\'s murder yesterday, the seventh public order judge in bogota, who was investigating the search of a building in northern bogota, decided to resign and leave the country.  to conclude, the intimidation of judges led to valencia\'s murder last night in downtown bogota.    (begin recording) (unidentified witnesses) two people approached valencia and began shooting at him.  valencia\'s bodyguards stooped down, they did not have time to respond.  when their attackers fled, the bodyguards came out and began shooting wildly.  it was a dangerous situation for people in the area.  (end recording)    stupefied by the criminal attacks on the judicial sector, the government is seeking ways to solve the problems of intimidation.    madrid efe in spanish at 1824 gmt on 17 august reports that "antonio suarez nino, president of the national association for the judicial branch (asonal), has reported that all of colombia\'s judges today presented their resignations because of the assasination last night of justice carlos valencia garcia.    "the president of asonal announced the resignation en masse of the country\'s judges, saying they will present their resignations at the country\'s higher courts, and he requested a meeting with colombian president virgilio barco.    "asonal president antonio suarez said that \'in response to this horrible massacre of the judicial branch, we have decreed an indefinite strike and the resignation en masse of all the judges, because the colombian people are not in any condition to continue killing each other with impunity while the executive branch looks on almost complacently.\'"    "asonal issued a communique stating that \'this government lacks the authentic political resolve to guarantee and protect the integrity and lives of illustrious fellow patriots such as valencia.\'"</s>', 'start_gold': 329, 'end_gold': 347, 'gold': ' building in northern bogota, decided to resign and leave the country.  to conclude,', 'candidates': [(517, 517, '', 7.286962509155273), (517, 522, ' judges today presented their resign', 3.7613866329193115), (517, 518, ' judges', 3.6330549716949463)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>two criminal attacks, the resignation of three judges, and a 24-hour strike by workers in the judicial sector--this sums up the judicial situation in colombia over the past 20 days.  the chaotic situation unleashed in bogota last night with the assasination of justice carlos valencia began on 28 july in medellin, when motorized paid assasins murdered third public order judge maria elena diaz.  diaz\' murder unleashed a wave of protests; 17,000 empemployees from the legal sector staged a strike on 1 august and forced a statement from the government.    (begin recording) (president of national association of the judicial branch antonio suarez) i am warning the country that the next murder in the judicial branch will necessarily result in the collective resignation of all the judges.  (end recording)    protective measures have been adopted for all judges and work continues.  on 14 august, due to death threats against his daughter, first public order judge alvaro medina moreno, who was investigating the wanumen arms-trafficking case and the attack on the das (administrative department of security) director, announced his resignation.  two days later, on 16 august, due to death threats the eighth public order judge in medellin, who was investigating the governor of antioquia\'s murder, resigned.    shortly before justice valencia\'s murder yesterday, the seventh public order judge in bogota, who was investigating the search of a building in northern bogota, decided to resign and leave the country.  to conclude, the intimidation of judges led to valencia\'s murder last night in downtown bogota.    (begin recording) (unidentified witnesses) two people approached valencia and began shooting at him.  valencia\'s bodyguards stooped down, they did not have time to respond.  when their attackers fled, the bodyguards came out and began shooting wildly.  it was a dangerous situation for people in the area.  (end recording)    stupefied by the criminal attacks on the judicial sector, the government is seeking ways to solve the problems of intimidation.    madrid efe in spanish at 1824 gmt on 17 august reports that "antonio suarez nino, president of the national association for the judicial branch (asonal), has reported that all of colombia\'s judges today presented their resignations because of the assasination last night of justice carlos valencia garcia.    "the president of asonal announced the resignation en masse of the country\'s judges, saying they will present their resignations at the country\'s higher courts, and he requested a meeting with colombian president virgilio barco.    "asonal president antonio suarez said that \'in response to this horrible massacre of the judicial branch, we have decreed an indefinite strike and the resignation en masse of all the judges, because the colombian people are not in any condition to continue killing each other with impunity while the executive branch looks on almost complacently.\'"    "asonal issued a communique stating that \'this government lacks the authentic political resolve to guarantee and protect the integrity and lives of illustrious fellow patriots such as valencia.\'"</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(517, 517, '', 6.618300437927246), (517, 522, ' judges today presented their resign', 3.03035044670105), (517, 518, ' judges', 2.0061142444610596)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>two criminal attacks, the resignation of three judges, and a 24-hour strike by workers in the judicial sector--this sums up the judicial situation in colombia over the past 20 days.  the chaotic situation unleashed in bogota last night with the assasination of justice carlos valencia began on 28 july in medellin, when motorized paid assasins murdered third public order judge maria elena diaz.  diaz\' murder unleashed a wave of protests; 17,000 empemployees from the legal sector staged a strike on 1 august and forced a statement from the government.    (begin recording) (president of national association of the judicial branch antonio suarez) i am warning the country that the next murder in the judicial branch will necessarily result in the collective resignation of all the judges.  (end recording)    protective measures have been adopted for all judges and work continues.  on 14 august, due to death threats against his daughter, first public order judge alvaro medina moreno, who was investigating the wanumen arms-trafficking case and the attack on the das (administrative department of security) director, announced his resignation.  two days later, on 16 august, due to death threats the eighth public order judge in medellin, who was investigating the governor of antioquia\'s murder, resigned.    shortly before justice valencia\'s murder yesterday, the seventh public order judge in bogota, who was investigating the search of a building in northern bogota, decided to resign and leave the country.  to conclude, the intimidation of judges led to valencia\'s murder last night in downtown bogota.    (begin recording) (unidentified witnesses) two people approached valencia and began shooting at him.  valencia\'s bodyguards stooped down, they did not have time to respond.  when their attackers fled, the bodyguards came out and began shooting wildly.  it was a dangerous situation for people in the area.  (end recording)    stupefied by the criminal attacks on the judicial sector, the government is seeking ways to solve the problems of intimidation.    madrid efe in spanish at 1824 gmt on 17 august reports that "antonio suarez nino, president of the national association for the judicial branch (asonal), has reported that all of colombia\'s judges today presented their resignations because of the assasination last night of justice carlos valencia garcia.    "the president of asonal announced the resignation en masse of the country\'s judges, saying they will present their resignations at the country\'s higher courts, and he requested a meeting with colombian president virgilio barco.    "asonal president antonio suarez said that \'in response to this horrible massacre of the judicial branch, we have decreed an indefinite strike and the resignation en masse of all the judges, because the colombian people are not in any condition to continue killing each other with impunity while the executive branch looks on almost complacently.\'"    "asonal issued a communique stating that \'this government lacks the authentic political resolve to guarantee and protect the integrity and lives of illustrious fellow patriots such as valencia.\'"</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(516, 516, '', 1.5664303302764893), (516, 517, ' judges', -1.3957033157348633), (516, 537, ' judges today presented their resignations because of the assasination last night of justice carlos valencia gar', -2.4458107948303223)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>two criminal attacks, the resignation of three judges, and a 24-hour strike by workers in the judicial sector--this sums up the judicial situation in colombia over the past 20 days.  the chaotic situation unleashed in bogota last night with the assasination of justice carlos valencia began on 28 july in medellin, when motorized paid assasins murdered third public order judge maria elena diaz.  diaz\' murder unleashed a wave of protests; 17,000 empemployees from the legal sector staged a strike on 1 august and forced a statement from the government.    (begin recording) (president of national association of the judicial branch antonio suarez) i am warning the country that the next murder in the judicial branch will necessarily result in the collective resignation of all the judges.  (end recording)    protective measures have been adopted for all judges and work continues.  on 14 august, due to death threats against his daughter, first public order judge alvaro medina moreno, who was investigating the wanumen arms-trafficking case and the attack on the das (administrative department of security) director, announced his resignation.  two days later, on 16 august, due to death threats the eighth public order judge in medellin, who was investigating the governor of antioquia\'s murder, resigned.    shortly before justice valencia\'s murder yesterday, the seventh public order judge in bogota, who was investigating the search of a building in northern bogota, decided to resign and leave the country.  to conclude, the intimidation of judges led to valencia\'s murder last night in downtown bogota.    (begin recording) (unidentified witnesses) two people approached valencia and began shooting at him.  valencia\'s bodyguards stooped down, they did not have time to respond.  when their attackers fled, the bodyguards came out and began shooting wildly.  it was a dangerous situation for people in the area.  (end recording)    stupefied by the criminal attacks on the judicial sector, the government is seeking ways to solve the problems of intimidation.    madrid efe in spanish at 1824 gmt on 17 august reports that "antonio suarez nino, president of the national association for the judicial branch (asonal), has reported that all of colombia\'s judges today presented their resignations because of the assasination last night of justice carlos valencia garcia.    "the president of asonal announced the resignation en masse of the country\'s judges, saying they will present their resignations at the country\'s higher courts, and he requested a meeting with colombian president virgilio barco.    "asonal president antonio suarez said that \'in response to this horrible massacre of the judicial branch, we have decreed an indefinite strike and the resignation en masse of all the judges, because the colombian people are not in any condition to continue killing each other with impunity while the executive branch looks on almost complacently.\'"    "asonal issued a communique stating that \'this government lacks the authentic political resolve to guarantee and protect the integrity and lives of illustrious fellow patriots such as valencia.\'"</s>', 'start_gold': 386, 'end_gold': 402, 'gold': "  valencia's bodyguards stooped down, they did not have time to", 'candidates': [(510, 516, " all of colombia's", 4.251988410949707), (510, 521, " all of colombia's judges today presented their resign", 1.0404497385025024), (510, 537, " all of colombia's judges today presented their resignations because of the assasination last night of justice carlos valencia gar", 0.1629021167755127)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>two criminal attacks, the resignation of three judges, and a 24-hour strike by workers in the judicial sector--this sums up the judicial situation in colombia over the past 20 days.  the chaotic situation unleashed in bogota last night with the assasination of justice carlos valencia began on 28 july in medellin, when motorized paid assasins murdered third public order judge maria elena diaz.  diaz\' murder unleashed a wave of protests; 17,000 empemployees from the legal sector staged a strike on 1 august and forced a statement from the government.    (begin recording) (president of national association of the judicial branch antonio suarez) i am warning the country that the next murder in the judicial branch will necessarily result in the collective resignation of all the judges.  (end recording)    protective measures have been adopted for all judges and work continues.  on 14 august, due to death threats against his daughter, first public order judge alvaro medina moreno, who was investigating the wanumen arms-trafficking case and the attack on the das (administrative department of security) director, announced his resignation.  two days later, on 16 august, due to death threats the eighth public order judge in medellin, who was investigating the governor of antioquia\'s murder, resigned.    shortly before justice valencia\'s murder yesterday, the seventh public order judge in bogota, who was investigating the search of a building in northern bogota, decided to resign and leave the country.  to conclude, the intimidation of judges led to valencia\'s murder last night in downtown bogota.    (begin recording) (unidentified witnesses) two people approached valencia and began shooting at him.  valencia\'s bodyguards stooped down, they did not have time to respond.  when their attackers fled, the bodyguards came out and began shooting wildly.  it was a dangerous situation for people in the area.  (end recording)    stupefied by the criminal attacks on the judicial sector, the government is seeking ways to solve the problems of intimidation.    madrid efe in spanish at 1824 gmt on 17 august reports that "antonio suarez nino, president of the national association for the judicial branch (asonal), has reported that all of colombia\'s judges today presented their resignations because of the assasination last night of justice carlos valencia garcia.    "the president of asonal announced the resignation en masse of the country\'s judges, saying they will present their resignations at the country\'s higher courts, and he requested a meeting with colombian president virgilio barco.    "asonal president antonio suarez said that \'in response to this horrible massacre of the judicial branch, we have decreed an indefinite strike and the resignation en masse of all the judges, because the colombian people are not in any condition to continue killing each other with impunity while the executive branch looks on almost complacently.\'"    "asonal issued a communique stating that \'this government lacks the authentic political resolve to guarantee and protect the integrity and lives of illustrious fellow patriots such as valencia.\'"</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(516, 516, '', 4.3718109130859375), (516, 517, ' judges', 0.3071180582046509), (516, 521, ' judges today presented their resign', -0.8573468923568726)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>during the past few days, violence in colombia has taken spectacular turns.  according to a report which cites reliable sources, it seems that the hand of drug traffickers is behind the assassinations of judge carlos valencia, of the bogota (words indistinct), which occurred yesterday (18 august).  the colombian drug mafia has created a great money and crime empire in colombia with powerful ramifications outside its borders, especially in the united states -- the main consumer of cocaine and other drugs in the world.    yesterday (18 august), venezuelan president carlos andres perez spoke on the phone with his colombian counterpart, virgilio barco, and it is said that the main subject of their conversation was the relationship between youth delinquency and drug trafficking.  it is important to note the words of venezuelan president carlos andres perez.  we must reflect, said carlos andres perez, on the need for us, all venezuelans, to face drug trafficking in venezuela.  we must also acknowledge that drug trafficking is the abominable crime of our times, and that there cannot be any hesitation or compassion toward drug traffickers.  those are the words of venezuelan president carlos andres perez.    in reality, the drug trafficking drama is seriously affecting several latin american countries.  we have the dramatic case of colombia, but the situation also exists in venezuela, bolivia, peru, well, in several latin american countries.  now, the solution to that problem...(rephrases) as has been pointed out by latin americans themselves and their most prominent figures, the final solution to the dramatic drug trafficking problem must be based on putting an end to the consumption of drugs.  that is the main stumbling block in the fight against drug trafficking.  the united states is the main consumption center of drugs in the world, and u.s. policy on drug trafficking is not consistent with the need to put an end and actively repress the consumption of drugs.  u.s.  policy, and all this is very well known in latin america, is based on destroying the plantations of a native plant in the continent, which is coca.  presidents, political and social figures of the continent have said that the solution is not based on the destruction of a native plant but in active fight against drug consumption.    i think that the statements made by the president of venezuela and the dramatic situation that colombia is facing these days confirm that the policy for fighting drug trafficking must be tenacious, strong, without hesitation and compassion.  it must also be based on ending drug consumption by the united states -- the main drug consumer of the world -- which lives precisely from drug consumption and its business.</s>', 'start_gold': 164, 'end_gold': 177, 'gold': ' conversation was the relationship between youth delinquency and drug trafficking. ', 'candidates': [(42, 43, ' drug', 7.803284645080566), (42, 54, ' drug traffickers is behind the assassinations of judge carlos val', 2.9578466415405273), (42, 48, ' drug traffickers is behind the assass', 2.8194217681884766)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>during the past few days, violence in colombia has taken spectacular turns.  according to a report which cites reliable sources, it seems that the hand of drug traffickers is behind the assassinations of judge carlos valencia, of the bogota (words indistinct), which occurred yesterday (18 august).  the colombian drug mafia has created a great money and crime empire in colombia with powerful ramifications outside its borders, especially in the united states -- the main consumer of cocaine and other drugs in the world.    yesterday (18 august), venezuelan president carlos andres perez spoke on the phone with his colombian counterpart, virgilio barco, and it is said that the main subject of their conversation was the relationship between youth delinquency and drug trafficking.  it is important to note the words of venezuelan president carlos andres perez.  we must reflect, said carlos andres perez, on the need for us, all venezuelans, to face drug trafficking in venezuela.  we must also acknowledge that drug trafficking is the abominable crime of our times, and that there cannot be any hesitation or compassion toward drug traffickers.  those are the words of venezuelan president carlos andres perez.    in reality, the drug trafficking drama is seriously affecting several latin american countries.  we have the dramatic case of colombia, but the situation also exists in venezuela, bolivia, peru, well, in several latin american countries.  now, the solution to that problem...(rephrases) as has been pointed out by latin americans themselves and their most prominent figures, the final solution to the dramatic drug trafficking problem must be based on putting an end to the consumption of drugs.  that is the main stumbling block in the fight against drug trafficking.  the united states is the main consumption center of drugs in the world, and u.s. policy on drug trafficking is not consistent with the need to put an end and actively repress the consumption of drugs.  u.s.  policy, and all this is very well known in latin america, is based on destroying the plantations of a native plant in the continent, which is coca.  presidents, political and social figures of the continent have said that the solution is not based on the destruction of a native plant but in active fight against drug consumption.    i think that the statements made by the president of venezuela and the dramatic situation that colombia is facing these days confirm that the policy for fighting drug trafficking must be tenacious, strong, without hesitation and compassion.  it must also be based on ending drug consumption by the united states -- the main drug consumer of the world -- which lives precisely from drug consumption and its business.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(42, 43, ' drug', 5.814407825469971), (42, 48, ' drug traffickers is behind the assass', 0.4830155372619629), (42, 54, ' drug traffickers is behind the assassinations of judge carlos val', 0.38469696044921875)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>during the past few days, violence in colombia has taken spectacular turns.  according to a report which cites reliable sources, it seems that the hand of drug traffickers is behind the assassinations of judge carlos valencia, of the bogota (words indistinct), which occurred yesterday (18 august).  the colombian drug mafia has created a great money and crime empire in colombia with powerful ramifications outside its borders, especially in the united states -- the main consumer of cocaine and other drugs in the world.    yesterday (18 august), venezuelan president carlos andres perez spoke on the phone with his colombian counterpart, virgilio barco, and it is said that the main subject of their conversation was the relationship between youth delinquency and drug trafficking.  it is important to note the words of venezuelan president carlos andres perez.  we must reflect, said carlos andres perez, on the need for us, all venezuelans, to face drug trafficking in venezuela.  we must also acknowledge that drug trafficking is the abominable crime of our times, and that there cannot be any hesitation or compassion toward drug traffickers.  those are the words of venezuelan president carlos andres perez.    in reality, the drug trafficking drama is seriously affecting several latin american countries.  we have the dramatic case of colombia, but the situation also exists in venezuela, bolivia, peru, well, in several latin american countries.  now, the solution to that problem...(rephrases) as has been pointed out by latin americans themselves and their most prominent figures, the final solution to the dramatic drug trafficking problem must be based on putting an end to the consumption of drugs.  that is the main stumbling block in the fight against drug trafficking.  the united states is the main consumption center of drugs in the world, and u.s. policy on drug trafficking is not consistent with the need to put an end and actively repress the consumption of drugs.  u.s.  policy, and all this is very well known in latin america, is based on destroying the plantations of a native plant in the continent, which is coca.  presidents, political and social figures of the continent have said that the solution is not based on the destruction of a native plant but in active fight against drug consumption.    i think that the statements made by the president of venezuela and the dramatic situation that colombia is facing these days confirm that the policy for fighting drug trafficking must be tenacious, strong, without hesitation and compassion.  it must also be based on ending drug consumption by the united states -- the main drug consumer of the world -- which lives precisely from drug consumption and its business.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(41, 42, ' drug', 2.9812188148498535), (41, 53, ' drug traffickers is behind the assassinations of judge carlos val', 1.2112510204315186), (41, 63, ' drug traffickers is behind the assassinations of judge carlos valencia, of the bogota (words indistinct', -0.5050172805786133)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>during the past few days, violence in colombia has taken spectacular turns.  according to a report which cites reliable sources, it seems that the hand of drug traffickers is behind the assassinations of judge carlos valencia, of the bogota (words indistinct), which occurred yesterday (18 august).  the colombian drug mafia has created a great money and crime empire in colombia with powerful ramifications outside its borders, especially in the united states -- the main consumer of cocaine and other drugs in the world.    yesterday (18 august), venezuelan president carlos andres perez spoke on the phone with his colombian counterpart, virgilio barco, and it is said that the main subject of their conversation was the relationship between youth delinquency and drug trafficking.  it is important to note the words of venezuelan president carlos andres perez.  we must reflect, said carlos andres perez, on the need for us, all venezuelans, to face drug trafficking in venezuela.  we must also acknowledge that drug trafficking is the abominable crime of our times, and that there cannot be any hesitation or compassion toward drug traffickers.  those are the words of venezuelan president carlos andres perez.    in reality, the drug trafficking drama is seriously affecting several latin american countries.  we have the dramatic case of colombia, but the situation also exists in venezuela, bolivia, peru, well, in several latin american countries.  now, the solution to that problem...(rephrases) as has been pointed out by latin americans themselves and their most prominent figures, the final solution to the dramatic drug trafficking problem must be based on putting an end to the consumption of drugs.  that is the main stumbling block in the fight against drug trafficking.  the united states is the main consumption center of drugs in the world, and u.s. policy on drug trafficking is not consistent with the need to put an end and actively repress the consumption of drugs.  u.s.  policy, and all this is very well known in latin america, is based on destroying the plantations of a native plant in the continent, which is coca.  presidents, political and social figures of the continent have said that the solution is not based on the destruction of a native plant but in active fight against drug consumption.    i think that the statements made by the president of venezuela and the dramatic situation that colombia is facing these days confirm that the policy for fighting drug trafficking must be tenacious, strong, without hesitation and compassion.  it must also be based on ending drug consumption by the united states -- the main drug consumer of the world -- which lives precisely from drug consumption and its business.</s>', 'start_gold': 218, 'end_gold': 233, 'gold': 'enezuelans, to face drug trafficking in venezuela.  we must', 'candidates': [(41, 42, ' drug', -1.3722622394561768), (41, 53, ' drug traffickers is behind the assassinations of judge carlos val', -3.062030076980591), (41, 58, ' drug traffickers is behind the assassinations of judge carlos valencia, of the bog', -5.144779205322266)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>during the past few days, violence in colombia has taken spectacular turns.  according to a report which cites reliable sources, it seems that the hand of drug traffickers is behind the assassinations of judge carlos valencia, of the bogota (words indistinct), which occurred yesterday (18 august).  the colombian drug mafia has created a great money and crime empire in colombia with powerful ramifications outside its borders, especially in the united states -- the main consumer of cocaine and other drugs in the world.    yesterday (18 august), venezuelan president carlos andres perez spoke on the phone with his colombian counterpart, virgilio barco, and it is said that the main subject of their conversation was the relationship between youth delinquency and drug trafficking.  it is important to note the words of venezuelan president carlos andres perez.  we must reflect, said carlos andres perez, on the need for us, all venezuelans, to face drug trafficking in venezuela.  we must also acknowledge that drug trafficking is the abominable crime of our times, and that there cannot be any hesitation or compassion toward drug traffickers.  those are the words of venezuelan president carlos andres perez.    in reality, the drug trafficking drama is seriously affecting several latin american countries.  we have the dramatic case of colombia, but the situation also exists in venezuela, bolivia, peru, well, in several latin american countries.  now, the solution to that problem...(rephrases) as has been pointed out by latin americans themselves and their most prominent figures, the final solution to the dramatic drug trafficking problem must be based on putting an end to the consumption of drugs.  that is the main stumbling block in the fight against drug trafficking.  the united states is the main consumption center of drugs in the world, and u.s. policy on drug trafficking is not consistent with the need to put an end and actively repress the consumption of drugs.  u.s.  policy, and all this is very well known in latin america, is based on destroying the plantations of a native plant in the continent, which is coca.  presidents, political and social figures of the continent have said that the solution is not based on the destruction of a native plant but in active fight against drug consumption.    i think that the statements made by the president of venezuela and the dramatic situation that colombia is facing these days confirm that the policy for fighting drug trafficking must be tenacious, strong, without hesitation and compassion.  it must also be based on ending drug consumption by the united states -- the main drug consumer of the world -- which lives precisely from drug consumption and its business.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(41, 42, ' drug', 5.897881507873535), (41, 53, ' drug traffickers is behind the assassinations of judge carlos val', 1.8747278451919556), (41, 47, ' drug traffickers is behind the assass', 1.0115454196929932)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the israeli embassy in bogota today confirmed that there are israeli terrorists in colombia engaged in training right-wing paramilitary groups that, according to investigations, are financed by drug-trafficking mafias.    israeli charge d\'affairs michel ronen admitted there are several israelis engaged in that illegal activity, but warned that they do so "on their own and do not act on behalf of my government."    moreover, this official denied that jubiz hazvumb, captured 22 august by colombian authorities for his alleged involvement in the murder of senator and presidential candidate luis carlos galan, was an israeli citizen.    according to preliminary reports revealed by the press, the suspect is an israeli mercenary paid by the medellin cartel -- the world\'s most powerful drug-trafficking mafia -- that appears to be directly linked to the murders of galan, a high-ranking police officer, and a judge last week.    reports disclosing the presence of these terrorists in colombia appeared several months ago when television clips showed a man giving instructions in hebrew to a right-wing paramilitary squad.    similar clips were broadcast by the u.s. television network nbc, prompting a communique from jerusalem which requested colombian authorities and interpol to provide all information on the matter.    acording to the israeli official, the terrorists\' actions in colombia run "counter to israel\'s policies."      investigations by the administrative department of security (das) -- the state\'s intelligence corps -- disclosed the links between the drug-trafficking mafias and ultraright-wing paramilitary groups.    according to das director general miguel maza marquez, the drug-trafficking organizations, especially the medellin cartel, set up several "schools for gunmen" in a vast region in the interior of the country with israeli, british, u.s. and west german terrorist instructors.  moreover, nbc warned of the presence of south africans.    the paramilitary squads are accused of hundreds of individual murders and massacres against political and labor leaders, as well as peasants and patriotic union leftist militants in different parts of the country.    the authorities are accusing these squads\' killers of being behind the crime wave the country has been experiencing since last week, with the murders of people known for their activities against cocaine trafficking.</s>', 'start_gold': 132, 'end_gold': 146, 'gold': ' alleged involvement in the murder of senator and presidential candidate luis car', 'candidates': [(23, 26, ' israeli', -1.4739882946014404), (23, 30, ' israeli terrorists in colomb', -3.49371337890625), (23, 38, ' israeli terrorists in colombia engaged in training right-wing paramilitary', -3.688523292541504)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the israeli embassy in bogota today confirmed that there are israeli terrorists in colombia engaged in training right-wing paramilitary groups that, according to investigations, are financed by drug-trafficking mafias.    israeli charge d\'affairs michel ronen admitted there are several israelis engaged in that illegal activity, but warned that they do so "on their own and do not act on behalf of my government."    moreover, this official denied that jubiz hazvumb, captured 22 august by colombian authorities for his alleged involvement in the murder of senator and presidential candidate luis carlos galan, was an israeli citizen.    according to preliminary reports revealed by the press, the suspect is an israeli mercenary paid by the medellin cartel -- the world\'s most powerful drug-trafficking mafia -- that appears to be directly linked to the murders of galan, a high-ranking police officer, and a judge last week.    reports disclosing the presence of these terrorists in colombia appeared several months ago when television clips showed a man giving instructions in hebrew to a right-wing paramilitary squad.    similar clips were broadcast by the u.s. television network nbc, prompting a communique from jerusalem which requested colombian authorities and interpol to provide all information on the matter.    acording to the israeli official, the terrorists\' actions in colombia run "counter to israel\'s policies."      investigations by the administrative department of security (das) -- the state\'s intelligence corps -- disclosed the links between the drug-trafficking mafias and ultraright-wing paramilitary groups.    according to das director general miguel maza marquez, the drug-trafficking organizations, especially the medellin cartel, set up several "schools for gunmen" in a vast region in the interior of the country with israeli, british, u.s. and west german terrorist instructors.  moreover, nbc warned of the presence of south africans.    the paramilitary squads are accused of hundreds of individual murders and massacres against political and labor leaders, as well as peasants and patriotic union leftist militants in different parts of the country.    the authorities are accusing these squads\' killers of being behind the crime wave the country has been experiencing since last week, with the murders of people known for their activities against cocaine trafficking.</s>', 'start_gold': 752, 'end_gold': 767, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(392, 397, ' drug-trafficking', -4.020514011383057), (392, 396, ' drug-traff', -4.3963189125061035), (392, 413, ' drug-trafficking organizations, especially the medellin cartel, set up several "schools for', -5.344066619873047)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the israeli embassy in bogota today confirmed that there are israeli terrorists in colombia engaged in training right-wing paramilitary groups that, according to investigations, are financed by drug-trafficking mafias.    israeli charge d\'affairs michel ronen admitted there are several israelis engaged in that illegal activity, but warned that they do so "on their own and do not act on behalf of my government."    moreover, this official denied that jubiz hazvumb, captured 22 august by colombian authorities for his alleged involvement in the murder of senator and presidential candidate luis carlos galan, was an israeli citizen.    according to preliminary reports revealed by the press, the suspect is an israeli mercenary paid by the medellin cartel -- the world\'s most powerful drug-trafficking mafia -- that appears to be directly linked to the murders of galan, a high-ranking police officer, and a judge last week.    reports disclosing the presence of these terrorists in colombia appeared several months ago when television clips showed a man giving instructions in hebrew to a right-wing paramilitary squad.    similar clips were broadcast by the u.s. television network nbc, prompting a communique from jerusalem which requested colombian authorities and interpol to provide all information on the matter.    acording to the israeli official, the terrorists\' actions in colombia run "counter to israel\'s policies."      investigations by the administrative department of security (das) -- the state\'s intelligence corps -- disclosed the links between the drug-trafficking mafias and ultraright-wing paramilitary groups.    according to das director general miguel maza marquez, the drug-trafficking organizations, especially the medellin cartel, set up several "schools for gunmen" in a vast region in the interior of the country with israeli, british, u.s. and west german terrorist instructors.  moreover, nbc warned of the presence of south africans.    the paramilitary squads are accused of hundreds of individual murders and massacres against political and labor leaders, as well as peasants and patriotic union leftist militants in different parts of the country.    the authorities are accusing these squads\' killers of being behind the crime wave the country has been experiencing since last week, with the murders of people known for their activities against cocaine trafficking.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(475, 488, ' political and labor leaders, as well as peasants and patriotic union leftist', 6.751830577850342), (475, 478, ' political and labor', 5.226409435272217), (475, 494, ' political and labor leaders, as well as peasants and patriotic union leftist militants in different parts of the', 5.001900672912598)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the israeli embassy in bogota today confirmed that there are israeli terrorists in colombia engaged in training right-wing paramilitary groups that, according to investigations, are financed by drug-trafficking mafias.    israeli charge d\'affairs michel ronen admitted there are several israelis engaged in that illegal activity, but warned that they do so "on their own and do not act on behalf of my government."    moreover, this official denied that jubiz hazvumb, captured 22 august by colombian authorities for his alleged involvement in the murder of senator and presidential candidate luis carlos galan, was an israeli citizen.    according to preliminary reports revealed by the press, the suspect is an israeli mercenary paid by the medellin cartel -- the world\'s most powerful drug-trafficking mafia -- that appears to be directly linked to the murders of galan, a high-ranking police officer, and a judge last week.    reports disclosing the presence of these terrorists in colombia appeared several months ago when television clips showed a man giving instructions in hebrew to a right-wing paramilitary squad.    similar clips were broadcast by the u.s. television network nbc, prompting a communique from jerusalem which requested colombian authorities and interpol to provide all information on the matter.    acording to the israeli official, the terrorists\' actions in colombia run "counter to israel\'s policies."      investigations by the administrative department of security (das) -- the state\'s intelligence corps -- disclosed the links between the drug-trafficking mafias and ultraright-wing paramilitary groups.    according to das director general miguel maza marquez, the drug-trafficking organizations, especially the medellin cartel, set up several "schools for gunmen" in a vast region in the interior of the country with israeli, british, u.s. and west german terrorist instructors.  moreover, nbc warned of the presence of south africans.    the paramilitary squads are accused of hundreds of individual murders and massacres against political and labor leaders, as well as peasants and patriotic union leftist militants in different parts of the country.    the authorities are accusing these squads\' killers of being behind the crime wave the country has been experiencing since last week, with the murders of people known for their activities against cocaine trafficking.</s>', 'start_gold': 601, 'end_gold': 617, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(22, 25, ' israeli', -3.6269478797912598), (22, 29, ' israeli terrorists in colomb', -4.645430564880371), (22, 37, ' israeli terrorists in colombia engaged in training right-wing paramilitary', -5.209369659423828)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the israeli embassy in bogota today confirmed that there are israeli terrorists in colombia engaged in training right-wing paramilitary groups that, according to investigations, are financed by drug-trafficking mafias.    israeli charge d\'affairs michel ronen admitted there are several israelis engaged in that illegal activity, but warned that they do so "on their own and do not act on behalf of my government."    moreover, this official denied that jubiz hazvumb, captured 22 august by colombian authorities for his alleged involvement in the murder of senator and presidential candidate luis carlos galan, was an israeli citizen.    according to preliminary reports revealed by the press, the suspect is an israeli mercenary paid by the medellin cartel -- the world\'s most powerful drug-trafficking mafia -- that appears to be directly linked to the murders of galan, a high-ranking police officer, and a judge last week.    reports disclosing the presence of these terrorists in colombia appeared several months ago when television clips showed a man giving instructions in hebrew to a right-wing paramilitary squad.    similar clips were broadcast by the u.s. television network nbc, prompting a communique from jerusalem which requested colombian authorities and interpol to provide all information on the matter.    acording to the israeli official, the terrorists\' actions in colombia run "counter to israel\'s policies."      investigations by the administrative department of security (das) -- the state\'s intelligence corps -- disclosed the links between the drug-trafficking mafias and ultraright-wing paramilitary groups.    according to das director general miguel maza marquez, the drug-trafficking organizations, especially the medellin cartel, set up several "schools for gunmen" in a vast region in the interior of the country with israeli, british, u.s. and west german terrorist instructors.  moreover, nbc warned of the presence of south africans.    the paramilitary squads are accused of hundreds of individual murders and massacres against political and labor leaders, as well as peasants and patriotic union leftist militants in different parts of the country.    the authorities are accusing these squads\' killers of being behind the crime wave the country has been experiencing since last week, with the murders of people known for their activities against cocaine trafficking.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(22, 25, ' israeli', 2.8061437606811523), (22, 37, ' israeli terrorists in colombia engaged in training right-wing paramilitary', 2.7755773067474365), (22, 29, ' israeli terrorists in colomb', 1.6730091571807861)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the station announcer then lists war bulletins from guazapa, from the western part of the country, from the metropolitan area, and from the francisco sanchez eastern front.  the announcer reminds listeners that these reports were not included in the week\'s events and says: "the first report is from the modesto ramirez central front, guazapa area. at 1000 on 10 august, san carlos battalion troops belonging to the 1st infantry brigade walked into a mined field, which left two soldiers injured at san jose guayabal jurisdiction, cuscatlan department.  at 1800 on 12 august, the san carlos battalion came across mines placed in their path at los lirios.  one soldier was killed and two were seriously injured.  at 1300 on 13 august, atlacatl battalion units walked into a mined field, and there were two casualties.  at 1330 another atlacatl battalion unit walked into a mined field at cerro campanario, guazapa hill, causing one more casualty.  at 1900 on 10 august, urban commandos took a patrol car by surprise.  they dropped a grenade inside the car, injuring four and partially destroying the vehicle."    the announcer continues:  "this successful operation took place outside the avenida cinema in san salvador, scarcely one block from a national guard garrison."    the station announcer lists its reports from santa ana:  "at 0415 on 12 august we inflicted four casualties among troops belonging to the 2nd infantry brigade at (words indistinct).  at 1715 another casualty was inflicted at el pear farm.  at 0130 on 12 august we inflicted one more casualty at puertas negras."    the announcer ends his report by stating:  "the francisco sanchez eastern front reports that at 1500 on 12 august guerrilla units attacked an enemy position in the northern part of morazan department.  the clash lasted 20 minutes and we inflicted two casualties on the enemy."    the radio reports from an anastacio aquino front war bulletin, which states that fmln guerrilla units ambushed the 1st company of military detachment no 2 jr battalion at la pena canton, villa victoria jurisdiction, cabanas department, at 0745 on 14 august, "killing six enemies and wounding four others."    the radio announcer then gives a report coming from the modesto ramirez front in chalatenango department, which states that guerrilla units clashed with bracamonte battalion troops at nueva trinidad jurisdiction at 0900 on 14 august, inflicting two casualties on the "demoralized bracamonte battalion troops."    another report says that a group of fmln guerrillas occupied the town of dulce nombre de maria, chalatenango department, during 5 hours at 1500 on 11 august.    the radio station goes on to air a report stating that guerrilla units attacked a military post with mortar fire, grenades, and m-16 rifle fire, "killing one enemy and wounding another at 1215 on 13 august."  the attack was carried out "only 100 meters away from a checkpoint located at the entrance to the town of la palma."    the next report coming from chalatenango department says that fmln militias sabotaged power lines along the road linking nueva concepcion to the northern trunk highway at 1800 on 12 august.    the announcer then says that guerrilla units attacked 3d infantry brigade troops at los avelines canton, guatajiagua jurisdiction, morazan department, at 1600 on 11 august, inflicting four casualties.  the report states:  "the attack was carried out with hand grenades and rifle fire."  "we report that one of our comrades was wounded in this attack, but not very seriously."    the next report states that guerrilla units inflicted one casualty among the marines battalion in jucuaran jurisdiction, usulutan department, at 1200 on 12 august.    the last report says that fmln units wounded one oromontique battalion corporal at el tablon, jucuaran jurisdiction, at 1630 on 13 august.</s>', 'start_gold': 3053, 'end_gold': 3067, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(514, 517, ' modesto ram', 3.274291515350342), (514, 518, ' modesto ramirez', 1.44492506980896), (514, 538, ' modesto ramirez front in chalatenango department, which states that guerrilla units clashed with bracamonte battalion', 0.7575852870941162)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the station announcer then lists war bulletins from guazapa, from the western part of the country, from the metropolitan area, and from the francisco sanchez eastern front.  the announcer reminds listeners that these reports were not included in the week\'s events and says: "the first report is from the modesto ramirez central front, guazapa area. at 1000 on 10 august, san carlos battalion troops belonging to the 1st infantry brigade walked into a mined field, which left two soldiers injured at san jose guayabal jurisdiction, cuscatlan department.  at 1800 on 12 august, the san carlos battalion came across mines placed in their path at los lirios.  one soldier was killed and two were seriously injured.  at 1300 on 13 august, atlacatl battalion units walked into a mined field, and there were two casualties.  at 1330 another atlacatl battalion unit walked into a mined field at cerro campanario, guazapa hill, causing one more casualty.  at 1900 on 10 august, urban commandos took a patrol car by surprise.  they dropped a grenade inside the car, injuring four and partially destroying the vehicle."    the announcer continues:  "this successful operation took place outside the avenida cinema in san salvador, scarcely one block from a national guard garrison."    the station announcer lists its reports from santa ana:  "at 0415 on 12 august we inflicted four casualties among troops belonging to the 2nd infantry brigade at (words indistinct).  at 1715 another casualty was inflicted at el pear farm.  at 0130 on 12 august we inflicted one more casualty at puertas negras."    the announcer ends his report by stating:  "the francisco sanchez eastern front reports that at 1500 on 12 august guerrilla units attacked an enemy position in the northern part of morazan department.  the clash lasted 20 minutes and we inflicted two casualties on the enemy."    the radio reports from an anastacio aquino front war bulletin, which states that fmln guerrilla units ambushed the 1st company of military detachment no 2 jr battalion at la pena canton, villa victoria jurisdiction, cabanas department, at 0745 on 14 august, "killing six enemies and wounding four others."    the radio announcer then gives a report coming from the modesto ramirez front in chalatenango department, which states that guerrilla units clashed with bracamonte battalion troops at nueva trinidad jurisdiction at 0900 on 14 august, inflicting two casualties on the "demoralized bracamonte battalion troops."    another report says that a group of fmln guerrillas occupied the town of dulce nombre de maria, chalatenango department, during 5 hours at 1500 on 11 august.    the radio station goes on to air a report stating that guerrilla units attacked a military post with mortar fire, grenades, and m-16 rifle fire, "killing one enemy and wounding another at 1215 on 13 august."  the attack was carried out "only 100 meters away from a checkpoint located at the entrance to the town of la palma."    the next report coming from chalatenango department says that fmln militias sabotaged power lines along the road linking nueva concepcion to the northern trunk highway at 1800 on 12 august.    the announcer then says that guerrilla units attacked 3d infantry brigade troops at los avelines canton, guatajiagua jurisdiction, morazan department, at 1600 on 11 august, inflicting four casualties.  the report states:  "the attack was carried out with hand grenades and rifle fire."  "we report that one of our comrades was wounded in this attack, but not very seriously."    the next report states that guerrilla units inflicted one casualty among the marines battalion in jucuaran jurisdiction, usulutan department, at 1200 on 12 august.    the last report says that fmln units wounded one oromontique battalion corporal at el tablon, jucuaran jurisdiction, at 1630 on 13 august.</s>', 'start_gold': 1960, 'end_gold': 1973, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(233, 235, ' urban command', 2.681839942932129), (233, 247, ' urban commandos took a patrol car by surprise.  they dropped a', 0.7278973460197449), (233, 241, ' urban commandos took a patrol car by', 0.37177181243896484)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the station announcer then lists war bulletins from guazapa, from the western part of the country, from the metropolitan area, and from the francisco sanchez eastern front.  the announcer reminds listeners that these reports were not included in the week\'s events and says: "the first report is from the modesto ramirez central front, guazapa area. at 1000 on 10 august, san carlos battalion troops belonging to the 1st infantry brigade walked into a mined field, which left two soldiers injured at san jose guayabal jurisdiction, cuscatlan department.  at 1800 on 12 august, the san carlos battalion came across mines placed in their path at los lirios.  one soldier was killed and two were seriously injured.  at 1300 on 13 august, atlacatl battalion units walked into a mined field, and there were two casualties.  at 1330 another atlacatl battalion unit walked into a mined field at cerro campanario, guazapa hill, causing one more casualty.  at 1900 on 10 august, urban commandos took a patrol car by surprise.  they dropped a grenade inside the car, injuring four and partially destroying the vehicle."    the announcer continues:  "this successful operation took place outside the avenida cinema in san salvador, scarcely one block from a national guard garrison."    the station announcer lists its reports from santa ana:  "at 0415 on 12 august we inflicted four casualties among troops belonging to the 2nd infantry brigade at (words indistinct).  at 1715 another casualty was inflicted at el pear farm.  at 0130 on 12 august we inflicted one more casualty at puertas negras."    the announcer ends his report by stating:  "the francisco sanchez eastern front reports that at 1500 on 12 august guerrilla units attacked an enemy position in the northern part of morazan department.  the clash lasted 20 minutes and we inflicted two casualties on the enemy."    the radio reports from an anastacio aquino front war bulletin, which states that fmln guerrilla units ambushed the 1st company of military detachment no 2 jr battalion at la pena canton, villa victoria jurisdiction, cabanas department, at 0745 on 14 august, "killing six enemies and wounding four others."    the radio announcer then gives a report coming from the modesto ramirez front in chalatenango department, which states that guerrilla units clashed with bracamonte battalion troops at nueva trinidad jurisdiction at 0900 on 14 august, inflicting two casualties on the "demoralized bracamonte battalion troops."    another report says that a group of fmln guerrillas occupied the town of dulce nombre de maria, chalatenango department, during 5 hours at 1500 on 11 august.    the radio station goes on to air a report stating that guerrilla units attacked a military post with mortar fire, grenades, and m-16 rifle fire, "killing one enemy and wounding another at 1215 on 13 august."  the attack was carried out "only 100 meters away from a checkpoint located at the entrance to the town of la palma."    the next report coming from chalatenango department says that fmln militias sabotaged power lines along the road linking nueva concepcion to the northern trunk highway at 1800 on 12 august.    the announcer then says that guerrilla units attacked 3d infantry brigade troops at los avelines canton, guatajiagua jurisdiction, morazan department, at 1600 on 11 august, inflicting four casualties.  the report states:  "the attack was carried out with hand grenades and rifle fire."  "we report that one of our comrades was wounded in this attack, but not very seriously."    the next report states that guerrilla units inflicted one casualty among the marines battalion in jucuaran jurisdiction, usulutan department, at 1200 on 12 august.    the last report says that fmln units wounded one oromontique battalion corporal at el tablon, jucuaran jurisdiction, at 1630 on 13 august.</s>', 'start_gold': 3076, 'end_gold': 3088, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(746, 769, ' 3d infantry brigade troops at los avelines canton, guatajiagua jurisdiction, morazan', 0.010453157126903534), (746, 750, ' 3d infantry brigade', -0.16782023012638092), (746, 757, ' 3d infantry brigade troops at los avelines cant', -1.2737183570861816)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the station announcer then lists war bulletins from guazapa, from the western part of the country, from the metropolitan area, and from the francisco sanchez eastern front.  the announcer reminds listeners that these reports were not included in the week\'s events and says: "the first report is from the modesto ramirez central front, guazapa area. at 1000 on 10 august, san carlos battalion troops belonging to the 1st infantry brigade walked into a mined field, which left two soldiers injured at san jose guayabal jurisdiction, cuscatlan department.  at 1800 on 12 august, the san carlos battalion came across mines placed in their path at los lirios.  one soldier was killed and two were seriously injured.  at 1300 on 13 august, atlacatl battalion units walked into a mined field, and there were two casualties.  at 1330 another atlacatl battalion unit walked into a mined field at cerro campanario, guazapa hill, causing one more casualty.  at 1900 on 10 august, urban commandos took a patrol car by surprise.  they dropped a grenade inside the car, injuring four and partially destroying the vehicle."    the announcer continues:  "this successful operation took place outside the avenida cinema in san salvador, scarcely one block from a national guard garrison."    the station announcer lists its reports from santa ana:  "at 0415 on 12 august we inflicted four casualties among troops belonging to the 2nd infantry brigade at (words indistinct).  at 1715 another casualty was inflicted at el pear farm.  at 0130 on 12 august we inflicted one more casualty at puertas negras."    the announcer ends his report by stating:  "the francisco sanchez eastern front reports that at 1500 on 12 august guerrilla units attacked an enemy position in the northern part of morazan department.  the clash lasted 20 minutes and we inflicted two casualties on the enemy."    the radio reports from an anastacio aquino front war bulletin, which states that fmln guerrilla units ambushed the 1st company of military detachment no 2 jr battalion at la pena canton, villa victoria jurisdiction, cabanas department, at 0745 on 14 august, "killing six enemies and wounding four others."    the radio announcer then gives a report coming from the modesto ramirez front in chalatenango department, which states that guerrilla units clashed with bracamonte battalion troops at nueva trinidad jurisdiction at 0900 on 14 august, inflicting two casualties on the "demoralized bracamonte battalion troops."    another report says that a group of fmln guerrillas occupied the town of dulce nombre de maria, chalatenango department, during 5 hours at 1500 on 11 august.    the radio station goes on to air a report stating that guerrilla units attacked a military post with mortar fire, grenades, and m-16 rifle fire, "killing one enemy and wounding another at 1215 on 13 august."  the attack was carried out "only 100 meters away from a checkpoint located at the entrance to the town of la palma."    the next report coming from chalatenango department says that fmln militias sabotaged power lines along the road linking nueva concepcion to the northern trunk highway at 1800 on 12 august.    the announcer then says that guerrilla units attacked 3d infantry brigade troops at los avelines canton, guatajiagua jurisdiction, morazan department, at 1600 on 11 august, inflicting four casualties.  the report states:  "the attack was carried out with hand grenades and rifle fire."  "we report that one of our comrades was wounded in this attack, but not very seriously."    the next report states that guerrilla units inflicted one casualty among the marines battalion in jucuaran jurisdiction, usulutan department, at 1200 on 12 august.    the last report says that fmln units wounded one oromontique battalion corporal at el tablon, jucuaran jurisdiction, at 1630 on 13 august.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(560, 568, 'demoralized bracamonte battalion', 3.3803982734680176), (560, 569, 'demoralized bracamonte battalion troops', 2.9336910247802734), (492, 498, 'killing six enemies and wounding four', -0.5609207153320312)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the station announcer then lists war bulletins from guazapa, from the western part of the country, from the metropolitan area, and from the francisco sanchez eastern front.  the announcer reminds listeners that these reports were not included in the week\'s events and says: "the first report is from the modesto ramirez central front, guazapa area. at 1000 on 10 august, san carlos battalion troops belonging to the 1st infantry brigade walked into a mined field, which left two soldiers injured at san jose guayabal jurisdiction, cuscatlan department.  at 1800 on 12 august, the san carlos battalion came across mines placed in their path at los lirios.  one soldier was killed and two were seriously injured.  at 1300 on 13 august, atlacatl battalion units walked into a mined field, and there were two casualties.  at 1330 another atlacatl battalion unit walked into a mined field at cerro campanario, guazapa hill, causing one more casualty.  at 1900 on 10 august, urban commandos took a patrol car by surprise.  they dropped a grenade inside the car, injuring four and partially destroying the vehicle."    the announcer continues:  "this successful operation took place outside the avenida cinema in san salvador, scarcely one block from a national guard garrison."    the station announcer lists its reports from santa ana:  "at 0415 on 12 august we inflicted four casualties among troops belonging to the 2nd infantry brigade at (words indistinct).  at 1715 another casualty was inflicted at el pear farm.  at 0130 on 12 august we inflicted one more casualty at puertas negras."    the announcer ends his report by stating:  "the francisco sanchez eastern front reports that at 1500 on 12 august guerrilla units attacked an enemy position in the northern part of morazan department.  the clash lasted 20 minutes and we inflicted two casualties on the enemy."    the radio reports from an anastacio aquino front war bulletin, which states that fmln guerrilla units ambushed the 1st company of military detachment no 2 jr battalion at la pena canton, villa victoria jurisdiction, cabanas department, at 0745 on 14 august, "killing six enemies and wounding four others."    the radio announcer then gives a report coming from the modesto ramirez front in chalatenango department, which states that guerrilla units clashed with bracamonte battalion troops at nueva trinidad jurisdiction at 0900 on 14 august, inflicting two casualties on the "demoralized bracamonte battalion troops."    another report says that a group of fmln guerrillas occupied the town of dulce nombre de maria, chalatenango department, during 5 hours at 1500 on 11 august.    the radio station goes on to air a report stating that guerrilla units attacked a military post with mortar fire, grenades, and m-16 rifle fire, "killing one enemy and wounding another at 1215 on 13 august."  the attack was carried out "only 100 meters away from a checkpoint located at the entrance to the town of la palma."    the next report coming from chalatenango department says that fmln militias sabotaged power lines along the road linking nueva concepcion to the northern trunk highway at 1800 on 12 august.    the announcer then says that guerrilla units attacked 3d infantry brigade troops at los avelines canton, guatajiagua jurisdiction, morazan department, at 1600 on 11 august, inflicting four casualties.  the report states:  "the attack was carried out with hand grenades and rifle fire."  "we report that one of our comrades was wounded in this attack, but not very seriously."    the next report states that guerrilla units inflicted one casualty among the marines battalion in jucuaran jurisdiction, usulutan department, at 1200 on 12 august.    the last report says that fmln units wounded one oromontique battalion corporal at el tablon, jucuaran jurisdiction, at 1630 on 13 august.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(637, 647, ' mortar fire, grenades, and m-16 rifle', 6.617910861968994), (637, 640, ' mortar fire,', 3.86575984954834), (637, 648, ' mortar fire, grenades, and m-16 rifle fire', 3.672170400619507)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>general miguel maza marquez, chief of the colombian administrative department of security (das), today confirmed foreign participation in the assassination of luis carlos galan, senator and liberal party presidential candidate, on 18 august in bogota.    "a person of arab origin is under arrest and seems to be quite involved in the crime," maza marquez said after meeting with president virgilio barco to discuss new measures to protect presidential candidates.</s>', 'start_gold': 267, 'end_gold': 283, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(67, 72, 'a person of arab', 3.147658109664917), (67, 75, 'a person of arab origin is under', 1.8755741119384766), (67, 84, 'a person of arab origin is under arrest and seems to be quite involved in the', 1.015180230140686)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>general miguel maza marquez, chief of the colombian administrative department of security (das), today confirmed foreign participation in the assassination of luis carlos galan, senator and liberal party presidential candidate, on 18 august in bogota.    "a person of arab origin is under arrest and seems to be quite involved in the crime," maza marquez said after meeting with president virgilio barco to discuss new measures to protect presidential candidates.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(67, 75, 'a person of arab origin is under', -2.115112066268921), (67, 84, 'a person of arab origin is under arrest and seems to be quite involved in the', -2.6428635120391846), (67, 72, 'a person of arab', -3.014289379119873)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>general miguel maza marquez, chief of the colombian administrative department of security (das), today confirmed foreign participation in the assassination of luis carlos galan, senator and liberal party presidential candidate, on 18 august in bogota.    "a person of arab origin is under arrest and seems to be quite involved in the crime," maza marquez said after meeting with president virgilio barco to discuss new measures to protect presidential candidates.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(39, 52, ' luis carlos galan, senator and liberal party presidential', 3.188931465148926), (39, 45, ' luis carlos gal', 2.6684632301330566), (39, 53, ' luis carlos galan, senator and liberal party presidential candidate', 0.7207030057907104)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>general miguel maza marquez, chief of the colombian administrative department of security (das), today confirmed foreign participation in the assassination of luis carlos galan, senator and liberal party presidential candidate, on 18 august in bogota.    "a person of arab origin is under arrest and seems to be quite involved in the crime," maza marquez said after meeting with president virgilio barco to discuss new measures to protect presidential candidates.</s>', 'start_gold': 167, 'end_gold': 183, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(39, 52, ' luis carlos galan, senator and liberal party presidential', 5.8981828689575195), (39, 45, ' luis carlos gal', 5.191280364990234), (39, 53, ' luis carlos galan, senator and liberal party presidential candidate', 3.4619319438934326)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>general miguel maza marquez, chief of the colombian administrative department of security (das), today confirmed foreign participation in the assassination of luis carlos galan, senator and liberal party presidential candidate, on 18 august in bogota.    "a person of arab origin is under arrest and seems to be quite involved in the crime," maza marquez said after meeting with president virgilio barco to discuss new measures to protect presidential candidates.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(33, 33, '', -2.880438804626465), (33, 34, ' foreign', -4.391122341156006), (33, 52, ' foreign participation in the assassination of luis carlos galan, senator and liberal party presidential', -4.894829750061035)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>in the wake of the colombian affair, similar israeli activity has been revealed in neighboring peru and bolivia.  these two countries are known for their cocaine crops and the drug cartel's organized activities.  in addition, extremist right-wing and left-wing organizations there are actively trying to achieve political goals through terrorist activity.    hadashot has learned from a source who was in peru for about 6 months that elements linked to the drug growers spent approximately $9 million on military equipment from israeli arms dealers in 1987.  the equipment included galil rifles, flak jackets, ammunition belts and ammunition, various types of grenades, and communications and night vision equipment.  in 1988 and 1989, in additional deals worth some $6 million, mortars, shells, sniper rifles, and ammunition for light weapons were purchased.    the arms were sent to peru via mexico and guatemala.  at least 3 idf (israel defense forces) reserve officers were in peru for over 2 months in early 1988 to organize fighting units.  the peruvian fighters were presented to the officers as belonging to right-wing political bodies in the country, and the team of instructors included mercenaries from the netherlands and england.    the team of instructors was made up of some 10 people, some of whom were recruited through an israeli-netherlander arms dealer who lives in amsterdam.  the netherlands media is conducting a wide-ranging investigation into the subject despite the surprising lack of interest by the netherlands authorities in the affair.    at the same time, israelis in neighboring bolivia acted as instructors in a course on safeguarding businessmen, guerrilla warfare, and regional defense.  these israelis reached bolivia in the wake of an arms consignment worth some $12 million, which arrived in peru (country as published) via a third party, which purchased it in an african country, which in turn had received it from israel.    following the reports on deals by israelis abroad, the income tax investigations division has begun an inquiry into tax payments on israeli arms deals and training abroad.    in the past 5 years, the scope of commissions paid to arms dealers is estimated at $1 billion.  at least half of it went to big dealers, such as sha'ul eisenberg, marcus katz, pesah ben-or, israces, and others.  they are not under suspicion of trying to cheat or hide information from the tax authorities.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(514, 522, ' pesah ben-or, isr', 3.3995487689971924), (514, 525, ' pesah ben-or, israces, and', 3.2772951126098633), (514, 526, ' pesah ben-or, israces, and others', 3.1658172607421875)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>in the wake of the colombian affair, similar israeli activity has been revealed in neighboring peru and bolivia.  these two countries are known for their cocaine crops and the drug cartel's organized activities.  in addition, extremist right-wing and left-wing organizations there are actively trying to achieve political goals through terrorist activity.    hadashot has learned from a source who was in peru for about 6 months that elements linked to the drug growers spent approximately $9 million on military equipment from israeli arms dealers in 1987.  the equipment included galil rifles, flak jackets, ammunition belts and ammunition, various types of grenades, and communications and night vision equipment.  in 1988 and 1989, in additional deals worth some $6 million, mortars, shells, sniper rifles, and ammunition for light weapons were purchased.    the arms were sent to peru via mexico and guatemala.  at least 3 idf (israel defense forces) reserve officers were in peru for over 2 months in early 1988 to organize fighting units.  the peruvian fighters were presented to the officers as belonging to right-wing political bodies in the country, and the team of instructors included mercenaries from the netherlands and england.    the team of instructors was made up of some 10 people, some of whom were recruited through an israeli-netherlander arms dealer who lives in amsterdam.  the netherlands media is conducting a wide-ranging investigation into the subject despite the surprising lack of interest by the netherlands authorities in the affair.    at the same time, israelis in neighboring bolivia acted as instructors in a course on safeguarding businessmen, guerrilla warfare, and regional defense.  these israelis reached bolivia in the wake of an arms consignment worth some $12 million, which arrived in peru (country as published) via a third party, which purchased it in an african country, which in turn had received it from israel.    following the reports on deals by israelis abroad, the income tax investigations division has begun an inquiry into tax payments on israeli arms deals and training abroad.    in the past 5 years, the scope of commissions paid to arms dealers is estimated at $1 billion.  at least half of it went to big dealers, such as sha'ul eisenberg, marcus katz, pesah ben-or, israces, and others.  they are not under suspicion of trying to cheat or hide information from the tax authorities.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(58, 66, ' extremist right-wing and left-wing', 9.776933670043945), (58, 77, ' extremist right-wing and left-wing organizations there are actively trying to achieve political goals through terrorist', 7.497466087341309), (58, 74, ' extremist right-wing and left-wing organizations there are actively trying to achieve political', 6.1972336769104)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>in the wake of the colombian affair, similar israeli activity has been revealed in neighboring peru and bolivia.  these two countries are known for their cocaine crops and the drug cartel's organized activities.  in addition, extremist right-wing and left-wing organizations there are actively trying to achieve political goals through terrorist activity.    hadashot has learned from a source who was in peru for about 6 months that elements linked to the drug growers spent approximately $9 million on military equipment from israeli arms dealers in 1987.  the equipment included galil rifles, flak jackets, ammunition belts and ammunition, various types of grenades, and communications and night vision equipment.  in 1988 and 1989, in additional deals worth some $6 million, mortars, shells, sniper rifles, and ammunition for light weapons were purchased.    the arms were sent to peru via mexico and guatemala.  at least 3 idf (israel defense forces) reserve officers were in peru for over 2 months in early 1988 to organize fighting units.  the peruvian fighters were presented to the officers as belonging to right-wing political bodies in the country, and the team of instructors included mercenaries from the netherlands and england.    the team of instructors was made up of some 10 people, some of whom were recruited through an israeli-netherlander arms dealer who lives in amsterdam.  the netherlands media is conducting a wide-ranging investigation into the subject despite the surprising lack of interest by the netherlands authorities in the affair.    at the same time, israelis in neighboring bolivia acted as instructors in a course on safeguarding businessmen, guerrilla warfare, and regional defense.  these israelis reached bolivia in the wake of an arms consignment worth some $12 million, which arrived in peru (country as published) via a third party, which purchased it in an african country, which in turn had received it from israel.    following the reports on deals by israelis abroad, the income tax investigations division has begun an inquiry into tax payments on israeli arms deals and training abroad.    in the past 5 years, the scope of commissions paid to arms dealers is estimated at $1 billion.  at least half of it went to big dealers, such as sha'ul eisenberg, marcus katz, pesah ben-or, israces, and others.  they are not under suspicion of trying to cheat or hide information from the tax authorities.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(57, 65, ' extremist right-wing and left-wing', 5.222216606140137), (57, 76, ' extremist right-wing and left-wing organizations there are actively trying to achieve political goals through terrorist', 5.0058159828186035), (57, 73, ' extremist right-wing and left-wing organizations there are actively trying to achieve political', 3.2448654174804688)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>in the wake of the colombian affair, similar israeli activity has been revealed in neighboring peru and bolivia.  these two countries are known for their cocaine crops and the drug cartel's organized activities.  in addition, extremist right-wing and left-wing organizations there are actively trying to achieve political goals through terrorist activity.    hadashot has learned from a source who was in peru for about 6 months that elements linked to the drug growers spent approximately $9 million on military equipment from israeli arms dealers in 1987.  the equipment included galil rifles, flak jackets, ammunition belts and ammunition, various types of grenades, and communications and night vision equipment.  in 1988 and 1989, in additional deals worth some $6 million, mortars, shells, sniper rifles, and ammunition for light weapons were purchased.    the arms were sent to peru via mexico and guatemala.  at least 3 idf (israel defense forces) reserve officers were in peru for over 2 months in early 1988 to organize fighting units.  the peruvian fighters were presented to the officers as belonging to right-wing political bodies in the country, and the team of instructors included mercenaries from the netherlands and england.    the team of instructors was made up of some 10 people, some of whom were recruited through an israeli-netherlander arms dealer who lives in amsterdam.  the netherlands media is conducting a wide-ranging investigation into the subject despite the surprising lack of interest by the netherlands authorities in the affair.    at the same time, israelis in neighboring bolivia acted as instructors in a course on safeguarding businessmen, guerrilla warfare, and regional defense.  these israelis reached bolivia in the wake of an arms consignment worth some $12 million, which arrived in peru (country as published) via a third party, which purchased it in an african country, which in turn had received it from israel.    following the reports on deals by israelis abroad, the income tax investigations division has begun an inquiry into tax payments on israeli arms deals and training abroad.    in the past 5 years, the scope of commissions paid to arms dealers is estimated at $1 billion.  at least half of it went to big dealers, such as sha'ul eisenberg, marcus katz, pesah ben-or, israces, and others.  they are not under suspicion of trying to cheat or hide information from the tax authorities.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(513, 525, ' pesah ben-or, israces, and others', 0.7221552133560181), (513, 542, ' pesah ben-or, israces, and others.  they are not under suspicion of trying to cheat or hide information from the tax', 0.2920949459075928), (513, 524, ' pesah ben-or, israces, and', 0.16831529140472412)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>in the wake of the colombian affair, similar israeli activity has been revealed in neighboring peru and bolivia.  these two countries are known for their cocaine crops and the drug cartel's organized activities.  in addition, extremist right-wing and left-wing organizations there are actively trying to achieve political goals through terrorist activity.    hadashot has learned from a source who was in peru for about 6 months that elements linked to the drug growers spent approximately $9 million on military equipment from israeli arms dealers in 1987.  the equipment included galil rifles, flak jackets, ammunition belts and ammunition, various types of grenades, and communications and night vision equipment.  in 1988 and 1989, in additional deals worth some $6 million, mortars, shells, sniper rifles, and ammunition for light weapons were purchased.    the arms were sent to peru via mexico and guatemala.  at least 3 idf (israel defense forces) reserve officers were in peru for over 2 months in early 1988 to organize fighting units.  the peruvian fighters were presented to the officers as belonging to right-wing political bodies in the country, and the team of instructors included mercenaries from the netherlands and england.    the team of instructors was made up of some 10 people, some of whom were recruited through an israeli-netherlander arms dealer who lives in amsterdam.  the netherlands media is conducting a wide-ranging investigation into the subject despite the surprising lack of interest by the netherlands authorities in the affair.    at the same time, israelis in neighboring bolivia acted as instructors in a course on safeguarding businessmen, guerrilla warfare, and regional defense.  these israelis reached bolivia in the wake of an arms consignment worth some $12 million, which arrived in peru (country as published) via a third party, which purchased it in an african country, which in turn had received it from israel.    following the reports on deals by israelis abroad, the income tax investigations division has begun an inquiry into tax payments on israeli arms deals and training abroad.    in the past 5 years, the scope of commissions paid to arms dealers is estimated at $1 billion.  at least half of it went to big dealers, such as sha'ul eisenberg, marcus katz, pesah ben-or, israces, and others.  they are not under suspicion of trying to cheat or hide information from the tax authorities.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(114, 118, ' israeli arms', 1.1090275049209595), (114, 120, ' israeli arms dealers in', -2.8111841678619385), (513, 542, ' pesah ben-or, israces, and others.  they are not under suspicion of trying to cheat or hide information from the tax', -1.3953685760498047)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>this station has learned that three persons have been killed at the jose maria cordoba international airport, in the town of rio negro, antioquia department. one of the persons killed was wearing a military uniform, but we still do not know if he was in disguise or if he belonged to the security corps.  according to preliminary reports from the antioquia police, this was an attack on the installations of the jose maria cordoba airport.  i repeat: this is a preliminary report by the antioquia police.  right now, top officials and antioquia police chiefs are on their way to the airport.  the airport has been sealed off, and people are trapped inside offices there.  no one is allowed near the scene of the violent shooting that took place there just a few minutes ago.    a search is under way throughout rio negro's san nicolas valley, where the airport is located, for the perpetrators of this attack, who are now believed to be driving two yellow renaults and are being pursued by the police.  i repeat: so far, we know that three persons have been killed inside the airport.  one of those killed was wearing a military uniform.  the antioquia police have reported that this was an attack on the airport installations.    we still have not been able to learn if the attack was targeted against anyone in particular.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(220, 223, ' two yellow ren', 11.488943099975586), (220, 230, ' two yellow renaults and are being pursued by the', 10.823984146118164), (220, 231, ' two yellow renaults and are being pursued by the police', 8.330474853515625)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>this station has learned that three persons have been killed at the jose maria cordoba international airport, in the town of rio negro, antioquia department. one of the persons killed was wearing a military uniform, but we still do not know if he was in disguise or if he belonged to the security corps.  according to preliminary reports from the antioquia police, this was an attack on the installations of the jose maria cordoba airport.  i repeat: this is a preliminary report by the antioquia police.  right now, top officials and antioquia police chiefs are on their way to the airport.  the airport has been sealed off, and people are trapped inside offices there.  no one is allowed near the scene of the violent shooting that took place there just a few minutes ago.    a search is under way throughout rio negro's san nicolas valley, where the airport is located, for the perpetrators of this attack, who are now believed to be driving two yellow renaults and are being pursued by the police.  i repeat: so far, we know that three persons have been killed inside the airport.  one of those killed was wearing a military uniform.  the antioquia police have reported that this was an attack on the airport installations.    we still have not been able to learn if the attack was targeted against anyone in particular.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(220, 223, ' two yellow ren', 12.805784225463867), (220, 230, ' two yellow renaults and are being pursued by the', 11.871729850769043), (220, 231, ' two yellow renaults and are being pursued by the police', 9.528217315673828)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>this station has learned that three persons have been killed at the jose maria cordoba international airport, in the town of rio negro, antioquia department. one of the persons killed was wearing a military uniform, but we still do not know if he was in disguise or if he belonged to the security corps.  according to preliminary reports from the antioquia police, this was an attack on the installations of the jose maria cordoba airport.  i repeat: this is a preliminary report by the antioquia police.  right now, top officials and antioquia police chiefs are on their way to the airport.  the airport has been sealed off, and people are trapped inside offices there.  no one is allowed near the scene of the violent shooting that took place there just a few minutes ago.    a search is under way throughout rio negro's san nicolas valley, where the airport is located, for the perpetrators of this attack, who are now believed to be driving two yellow renaults and are being pursued by the police.  i repeat: so far, we know that three persons have been killed inside the airport.  one of those killed was wearing a military uniform.  the antioquia police have reported that this was an attack on the airport installations.    we still have not been able to learn if the attack was targeted against anyone in particular.</s>", 'start_gold': 399, 'end_gold': 420, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(297, 297, '', 9.214385986328125), (297, 299, ' anyone in', 8.986720085144043), (297, 300, ' anyone in particular', 6.112112998962402)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>this station has learned that three persons have been killed at the jose maria cordoba international airport, in the town of rio negro, antioquia department. one of the persons killed was wearing a military uniform, but we still do not know if he was in disguise or if he belonged to the security corps.  according to preliminary reports from the antioquia police, this was an attack on the installations of the jose maria cordoba airport.  i repeat: this is a preliminary report by the antioquia police.  right now, top officials and antioquia police chiefs are on their way to the airport.  the airport has been sealed off, and people are trapped inside offices there.  no one is allowed near the scene of the violent shooting that took place there just a few minutes ago.    a search is under way throughout rio negro's san nicolas valley, where the airport is located, for the perpetrators of this attack, who are now believed to be driving two yellow renaults and are being pursued by the police.  i repeat: so far, we know that three persons have been killed inside the airport.  one of those killed was wearing a military uniform.  the antioquia police have reported that this was an attack on the airport installations.    we still have not been able to learn if the attack was targeted against anyone in particular.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(14, 14, '', 0.2655121684074402), (14, 28, ' three persons have been killed at the jose maria cordoba international', -1.05706787109375), (14, 15, ' three', -2.1186790466308594)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>this station has learned that three persons have been killed at the jose maria cordoba international airport, in the town of rio negro, antioquia department. one of the persons killed was wearing a military uniform, but we still do not know if he was in disguise or if he belonged to the security corps.  according to preliminary reports from the antioquia police, this was an attack on the installations of the jose maria cordoba airport.  i repeat: this is a preliminary report by the antioquia police.  right now, top officials and antioquia police chiefs are on their way to the airport.  the airport has been sealed off, and people are trapped inside offices there.  no one is allowed near the scene of the violent shooting that took place there just a few minutes ago.    a search is under way throughout rio negro's san nicolas valley, where the airport is located, for the perpetrators of this attack, who are now believed to be driving two yellow renaults and are being pursued by the police.  i repeat: so far, we know that three persons have been killed inside the airport.  one of those killed was wearing a military uniform.  the antioquia police have reported that this was an attack on the airport installations.    we still have not been able to learn if the attack was targeted against anyone in particular.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(219, 222, ' two yellow ren', 13.976476669311523), (219, 229, ' two yellow renaults and are being pursued by the', 8.841011047363281), (219, 230, ' two yellow renaults and are being pursued by the police', 7.848857879638672)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>two persons were injured in dynamite attacks perpetrated this evening against two bank branches in this northwestern colombian city.    the first police reports indicate that a bomb exploded in front of the state-owned agrarian board in the suburbs of manrique, and another at the agrarian board branch in the sector of aranjuez.    one person was seriously wounded in each of the terrorist attacks, but no deaths were reported.    the device which exploded in manrique destroyed the bank building and a bus that was parked in front of the building, and caused considerable damage in several stores nearby.    the explosion in the other branch was of a lesser magnitude, and it broke windows and caused damage inside the offices.    the scant police information said that the devices were apparently left in front of the two bank branches minutes before the curfew began for the 6th consecutive day--precisely to counter the wave of terrorism caused by drug traffickers.    these represent the second and third dynamite attacks in medellin this evening. the previous one took place 2 hours earlier and blew up a police post, but failed to injure its five occupants.</s>', 'start_gold': 962, 'end_gold': 975, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(207, 208, ' drug', 2.3013463020324707), (207, 209, ' drug traffickers', -1.1427147388458252), (207, 227, ' drug traffickers.    these represent the second and third dynamite attacks in medellin this', -3.920578718185425)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>two persons were injured in dynamite attacks perpetrated this evening against two bank branches in this northwestern colombian city.    the first police reports indicate that a bomb exploded in front of the state-owned agrarian board in the suburbs of manrique, and another at the agrarian board branch in the sector of aranjuez.    one person was seriously wounded in each of the terrorist attacks, but no deaths were reported.    the device which exploded in manrique destroyed the bank building and a bus that was parked in front of the building, and caused considerable damage in several stores nearby.    the explosion in the other branch was of a lesser magnitude, and it broke windows and caused damage inside the offices.    the scant police information said that the devices were apparently left in front of the two bank branches minutes before the curfew began for the 6th consecutive day--precisely to counter the wave of terrorism caused by drug traffickers.    these represent the second and third dynamite attacks in medellin this evening. the previous one took place 2 hours earlier and blew up a police post, but failed to injure its five occupants.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(207, 208, ' drug', 5.920674800872803), (207, 209, ' drug traffickers', 3.07079815864563), (207, 207, '', -1.2278926372528076)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>two persons were injured in dynamite attacks perpetrated this evening against two bank branches in this northwestern colombian city.    the first police reports indicate that a bomb exploded in front of the state-owned agrarian board in the suburbs of manrique, and another at the agrarian board branch in the sector of aranjuez.    one person was seriously wounded in each of the terrorist attacks, but no deaths were reported.    the device which exploded in manrique destroyed the bank building and a bus that was parked in front of the building, and caused considerable damage in several stores nearby.    the explosion in the other branch was of a lesser magnitude, and it broke windows and caused damage inside the offices.    the scant police information said that the devices were apparently left in front of the two bank branches minutes before the curfew began for the 6th consecutive day--precisely to counter the wave of terrorism caused by drug traffickers.    these represent the second and third dynamite attacks in medellin this evening. the previous one took place 2 hours earlier and blew up a police post, but failed to injure its five occupants.</s>', 'start_gold': 215, 'end_gold': 232, 'gold': ' second and third dynamite attacks in medellin this evening. the previous one took', 'candidates': [(21, 23, ' two bank', 10.579349517822266), (21, 30, ' two bank branches in this northwestern colombian', 7.324028015136719), (21, 31, ' two bank branches in this northwestern colombian city', 7.102697372436523)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>two persons were injured in dynamite attacks perpetrated this evening against two bank branches in this northwestern colombian city.    the first police reports indicate that a bomb exploded in front of the state-owned agrarian board in the suburbs of manrique, and another at the agrarian board branch in the sector of aranjuez.    one person was seriously wounded in each of the terrorist attacks, but no deaths were reported.    the device which exploded in manrique destroyed the bank building and a bus that was parked in front of the building, and caused considerable damage in several stores nearby.    the explosion in the other branch was of a lesser magnitude, and it broke windows and caused damage inside the offices.    the scant police information said that the devices were apparently left in front of the two bank branches minutes before the curfew began for the 6th consecutive day--precisely to counter the wave of terrorism caused by drug traffickers.    these represent the second and third dynamite attacks in medellin this evening. the previous one took place 2 hours earlier and blew up a police post, but failed to injure its five occupants.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(21, 23, ' two bank', 10.20656967163086), (21, 31, ' two bank branches in this northwestern colombian city', 7.143571853637695), (21, 30, ' two bank branches in this northwestern colombian', 6.816417694091797)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>two persons were injured in dynamite attacks perpetrated this evening against two bank branches in this northwestern colombian city.    the first police reports indicate that a bomb exploded in front of the state-owned agrarian board in the suburbs of manrique, and another at the agrarian board branch in the sector of aranjuez.    one person was seriously wounded in each of the terrorist attacks, but no deaths were reported.    the device which exploded in manrique destroyed the bank building and a bus that was parked in front of the building, and caused considerable damage in several stores nearby.    the explosion in the other branch was of a lesser magnitude, and it broke windows and caused damage inside the offices.    the scant police information said that the devices were apparently left in front of the two bank branches minutes before the curfew began for the 6th consecutive day--precisely to counter the wave of terrorism caused by drug traffickers.    these represent the second and third dynamite attacks in medellin this evening. the previous one took place 2 hours earlier and blew up a police post, but failed to injure its five occupants.</s>', 'start_gold': 36, 'end_gold': 49, 'gold': ' first police reports indicate that a bomb exploded in front of the state', 'candidates': [(206, 207, ' drug', 9.068246841430664), (206, 208, ' drug traffickers', 6.119040489196777), (206, 226, ' drug traffickers.    these represent the second and third dynamite attacks in medellin this', 3.8180952072143555)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>das (administrative department of security) director miguel maza marquez confirmed today that the government and the judicial authorities had known for over 1 year that there were mercenaries in our country, but police authorities apparently prevented an investigation that had been ordered, as a matter of fact, by a female judge.  our reporter hernando corrales has the details:    (begin recording) (corrales) if the authorities in charge of an operation near puerto boyaca on 18 july last year had not sabotaged it, the foreign instructors at the service of the medellin cartel would now be jail.  on that date, marta lucia gonzalez, second judge of public order, wrote a file note saying that the judicial inspection was unjustly torpedoed with the argument that nothing had been found and that this argument was senseless and illogical since absolutely no one other than the undersigned judge could decide if he or she had anything to inspect, or if he or she should or should not conduct the judicial proceeding.    the document, which is contained in the dossier on the massacre in la hondura and la negra, uraba region, says that she was left 2 days inside a plane at the airport of the texas petroleum company in puerto boyaca and that the police authorities accompanying her failed to explain to her why they had not taken any action.    (unidentified speaker) in fact, she and several das inspectors encountered some obstacles.  the attorney general's office was informed of these obstacles in order for it to make an investigation. i think that when she and the das personnel were preparing to go to puerto boyaca it was already known that these people would be present there for these proceedings and this was quite worrisome.    (corrales) as is known, judge gonzalez had to leave colombia because her life was threatened, and her father, former boyaca governor alvaro gonzalez santana, was subsequently murdered.    moreover, gen maza marquez said further that the fact that a payment is being offered for the capture of pablo escobar and gonzalo rodriguez gacha does not mean that other persons accused of being capos of the mafia are not being sought too.    (maza) we are taking action the length and breadth of the country. we are not showing any special considerations because we intend to act indiscriminately.  what we want is to fight a scourge that has greatly harmed all colombians.    (corrales) the das director said that if anyone being held in connection with the investigation of the killing of luis carlos galan is released, that does not mean that the investigations are not proceeding well.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(474, 478, ' capos of the', 5.412763595581055), (474, 475, ' cap', 2.2761075496673584), (474, 482, ' capos of the mafia are not being', 0.9836311340332031)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>das (administrative department of security) director miguel maza marquez confirmed today that the government and the judicial authorities had known for over 1 year that there were mercenaries in our country, but police authorities apparently prevented an investigation that had been ordered, as a matter of fact, by a female judge.  our reporter hernando corrales has the details:    (begin recording) (corrales) if the authorities in charge of an operation near puerto boyaca on 18 july last year had not sabotaged it, the foreign instructors at the service of the medellin cartel would now be jail.  on that date, marta lucia gonzalez, second judge of public order, wrote a file note saying that the judicial inspection was unjustly torpedoed with the argument that nothing had been found and that this argument was senseless and illogical since absolutely no one other than the undersigned judge could decide if he or she had anything to inspect, or if he or she should or should not conduct the judicial proceeding.    the document, which is contained in the dossier on the massacre in la hondura and la negra, uraba region, says that she was left 2 days inside a plane at the airport of the texas petroleum company in puerto boyaca and that the police authorities accompanying her failed to explain to her why they had not taken any action.    (unidentified speaker) in fact, she and several das inspectors encountered some obstacles.  the attorney general's office was informed of these obstacles in order for it to make an investigation. i think that when she and the das personnel were preparing to go to puerto boyaca it was already known that these people would be present there for these proceedings and this was quite worrisome.    (corrales) as is known, judge gonzalez had to leave colombia because her life was threatened, and her father, former boyaca governor alvaro gonzalez santana, was subsequently murdered.    moreover, gen maza marquez said further that the fact that a payment is being offered for the capture of pablo escobar and gonzalo rodriguez gacha does not mean that other persons accused of being capos of the mafia are not being sought too.    (maza) we are taking action the length and breadth of the country. we are not showing any special considerations because we intend to act indiscriminately.  what we want is to fight a scourge that has greatly harmed all colombians.    (corrales) the das director said that if anyone being held in connection with the investigation of the killing of luis carlos galan is released, that does not mean that the investigations are not proceeding well.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(44, 44, '', 0.9324022531509399), (44, 47, ' mercenaries in our', 0.14325854182243347), (44, 48, ' mercenaries in our country', -2.80148983001709)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>das (administrative department of security) director miguel maza marquez confirmed today that the government and the judicial authorities had known for over 1 year that there were mercenaries in our country, but police authorities apparently prevented an investigation that had been ordered, as a matter of fact, by a female judge.  our reporter hernando corrales has the details:    (begin recording) (corrales) if the authorities in charge of an operation near puerto boyaca on 18 july last year had not sabotaged it, the foreign instructors at the service of the medellin cartel would now be jail.  on that date, marta lucia gonzalez, second judge of public order, wrote a file note saying that the judicial inspection was unjustly torpedoed with the argument that nothing had been found and that this argument was senseless and illogical since absolutely no one other than the undersigned judge could decide if he or she had anything to inspect, or if he or she should or should not conduct the judicial proceeding.    the document, which is contained in the dossier on the massacre in la hondura and la negra, uraba region, says that she was left 2 days inside a plane at the airport of the texas petroleum company in puerto boyaca and that the police authorities accompanying her failed to explain to her why they had not taken any action.    (unidentified speaker) in fact, she and several das inspectors encountered some obstacles.  the attorney general's office was informed of these obstacles in order for it to make an investigation. i think that when she and the das personnel were preparing to go to puerto boyaca it was already known that these people would be present there for these proceedings and this was quite worrisome.    (corrales) as is known, judge gonzalez had to leave colombia because her life was threatened, and her father, former boyaca governor alvaro gonzalez santana, was subsequently murdered.    moreover, gen maza marquez said further that the fact that a payment is being offered for the capture of pablo escobar and gonzalo rodriguez gacha does not mean that other persons accused of being capos of the mafia are not being sought too.    (maza) we are taking action the length and breadth of the country. we are not showing any special considerations because we intend to act indiscriminately.  what we want is to fight a scourge that has greatly harmed all colombians.    (corrales) the das director said that if anyone being held in connection with the investigation of the killing of luis carlos galan is released, that does not mean that the investigations are not proceeding well.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(122, 132, ' foreign instructors at the service of the medellin', -1.3980351686477661), (122, 136, ' foreign instructors at the service of the medellin cartel would now be', -4.056136131286621), (122, 123, ' foreign', -4.498659133911133)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>das (administrative department of security) director miguel maza marquez confirmed today that the government and the judicial authorities had known for over 1 year that there were mercenaries in our country, but police authorities apparently prevented an investigation that had been ordered, as a matter of fact, by a female judge.  our reporter hernando corrales has the details:    (begin recording) (corrales) if the authorities in charge of an operation near puerto boyaca on 18 july last year had not sabotaged it, the foreign instructors at the service of the medellin cartel would now be jail.  on that date, marta lucia gonzalez, second judge of public order, wrote a file note saying that the judicial inspection was unjustly torpedoed with the argument that nothing had been found and that this argument was senseless and illogical since absolutely no one other than the undersigned judge could decide if he or she had anything to inspect, or if he or she should or should not conduct the judicial proceeding.    the document, which is contained in the dossier on the massacre in la hondura and la negra, uraba region, says that she was left 2 days inside a plane at the airport of the texas petroleum company in puerto boyaca and that the police authorities accompanying her failed to explain to her why they had not taken any action.    (unidentified speaker) in fact, she and several das inspectors encountered some obstacles.  the attorney general's office was informed of these obstacles in order for it to make an investigation. i think that when she and the das personnel were preparing to go to puerto boyaca it was already known that these people would be present there for these proceedings and this was quite worrisome.    (corrales) as is known, judge gonzalez had to leave colombia because her life was threatened, and her father, former boyaca governor alvaro gonzalez santana, was subsequently murdered.    moreover, gen maza marquez said further that the fact that a payment is being offered for the capture of pablo escobar and gonzalo rodriguez gacha does not mean that other persons accused of being capos of the mafia are not being sought too.    (maza) we are taking action the length and breadth of the country. we are not showing any special considerations because we intend to act indiscriminately.  what we want is to fight a scourge that has greatly harmed all colombians.    (corrales) the das director said that if anyone being held in connection with the investigation of the killing of luis carlos galan is released, that does not mean that the investigations are not proceeding well.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 624, 'end_gold': 641, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(532, 534, ' colomb', 1.536431074142456), (532, 535, ' colombians', -1.2698040008544922), (531, 534, ' all colomb', 1.3598277568817139)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>das (administrative department of security) director miguel maza marquez confirmed today that the government and the judicial authorities had known for over 1 year that there were mercenaries in our country, but police authorities apparently prevented an investigation that had been ordered, as a matter of fact, by a female judge.  our reporter hernando corrales has the details:    (begin recording) (corrales) if the authorities in charge of an operation near puerto boyaca on 18 july last year had not sabotaged it, the foreign instructors at the service of the medellin cartel would now be jail.  on that date, marta lucia gonzalez, second judge of public order, wrote a file note saying that the judicial inspection was unjustly torpedoed with the argument that nothing had been found and that this argument was senseless and illogical since absolutely no one other than the undersigned judge could decide if he or she had anything to inspect, or if he or she should or should not conduct the judicial proceeding.    the document, which is contained in the dossier on the massacre in la hondura and la negra, uraba region, says that she was left 2 days inside a plane at the airport of the texas petroleum company in puerto boyaca and that the police authorities accompanying her failed to explain to her why they had not taken any action.    (unidentified speaker) in fact, she and several das inspectors encountered some obstacles.  the attorney general's office was informed of these obstacles in order for it to make an investigation. i think that when she and the das personnel were preparing to go to puerto boyaca it was already known that these people would be present there for these proceedings and this was quite worrisome.    (corrales) as is known, judge gonzalez had to leave colombia because her life was threatened, and her father, former boyaca governor alvaro gonzalez santana, was subsequently murdered.    moreover, gen maza marquez said further that the fact that a payment is being offered for the capture of pablo escobar and gonzalo rodriguez gacha does not mean that other persons accused of being capos of the mafia are not being sought too.    (maza) we are taking action the length and breadth of the country. we are not showing any special considerations because we intend to act indiscriminately.  what we want is to fight a scourge that has greatly harmed all colombians.    (corrales) the das director said that if anyone being held in connection with the investigation of the killing of luis carlos galan is released, that does not mean that the investigations are not proceeding well.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(43, 43, '', 5.697117805480957), (43, 46, ' mercenaries in our', 3.624382972717285), (43, 47, ' mercenaries in our country', 1.2106106281280518)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the topic about violence and the procedures adopted by the government to counter it were discussed on 18 september during the inauguration of the christian democratic international world assembly.  guatemalan president vinicio cerezo gave the inauguration speech and revealed the plans to destabilize the country.    (begin recording) (cerezo) there are some stubborn people who refuse to accept that people want to live peacefully and freely.  there are even some people who are using violence to impose their ideas; there are some people who want to counter the guatemalan people's ideas with confrontation and polarization.  those persons are preparing right now a plot against guatemala's democracy.  it is perhaps the most cruel, harsh, and audacious plot ever prepared in the nation's 4 years of democratic history, because -- and i want you to carefully listen to this -- they have decided to kill prominent political and labor leaders so that the people blame the government -- remembering the tragedies which occurred in the past and the illegitimate governments which decided to keep, with death and repression, the privileges that they had not earned.    these people are trying to create a rift between the guatemalan people and government; they want us to fall into a trap. (end recording)    president cerezo addressed the delegates of 54 countries who are participating in the christian democratic international world assembly, asserting that the efforts to be exerted by his government to counter terrorism should be understood by the international community.  he said no one should condemn his government without fully understanding the situation.    president cerezo also pledged to use every available means to locate those who perpetrate acts of terrorism.    (begin recording) (cerezo) -- (broadcast in progress)...criminals and we are already looking for them!  (applause) and we will punish them according to the law, to give back to the guatemalan people the liberty that they have enjoyed for 3 and 1/2 years -- because it is the result of many years of sacrifice! (applause) (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(370, 371, 'crim', 7.957732200622559), (370, 378, 'criminals and we are already looking for', 3.841799259185791), (370, 370, '', 2.305539608001709)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the topic about violence and the procedures adopted by the government to counter it were discussed on 18 september during the inauguration of the christian democratic international world assembly.  guatemalan president vinicio cerezo gave the inauguration speech and revealed the plans to destabilize the country.    (begin recording) (cerezo) there are some stubborn people who refuse to accept that people want to live peacefully and freely.  there are even some people who are using violence to impose their ideas; there are some people who want to counter the guatemalan people's ideas with confrontation and polarization.  those persons are preparing right now a plot against guatemala's democracy.  it is perhaps the most cruel, harsh, and audacious plot ever prepared in the nation's 4 years of democratic history, because -- and i want you to carefully listen to this -- they have decided to kill prominent political and labor leaders so that the people blame the government -- remembering the tragedies which occurred in the past and the illegitimate governments which decided to keep, with death and repression, the privileges that they had not earned.    these people are trying to create a rift between the guatemalan people and government; they want us to fall into a trap. (end recording)    president cerezo addressed the delegates of 54 countries who are participating in the christian democratic international world assembly, asserting that the efforts to be exerted by his government to counter terrorism should be understood by the international community.  he said no one should condemn his government without fully understanding the situation.    president cerezo also pledged to use every available means to locate those who perpetrate acts of terrorism.    (begin recording) (cerezo) -- (broadcast in progress)...criminals and we are already looking for them!  (applause) and we will punish them according to the law, to give back to the guatemalan people the liberty that they have enjoyed for 3 and 1/2 years -- because it is the result of many years of sacrifice! (applause) (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(370, 371, 'crim', 6.7125244140625), (370, 378, 'criminals and we are already looking for', 2.952566623687744), (370, 370, '', 1.3165030479431152)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the topic about violence and the procedures adopted by the government to counter it were discussed on 18 september during the inauguration of the christian democratic international world assembly.  guatemalan president vinicio cerezo gave the inauguration speech and revealed the plans to destabilize the country.    (begin recording) (cerezo) there are some stubborn people who refuse to accept that people want to live peacefully and freely.  there are even some people who are using violence to impose their ideas; there are some people who want to counter the guatemalan people's ideas with confrontation and polarization.  those persons are preparing right now a plot against guatemala's democracy.  it is perhaps the most cruel, harsh, and audacious plot ever prepared in the nation's 4 years of democratic history, because -- and i want you to carefully listen to this -- they have decided to kill prominent political and labor leaders so that the people blame the government -- remembering the tragedies which occurred in the past and the illegitimate governments which decided to keep, with death and repression, the privileges that they had not earned.    these people are trying to create a rift between the guatemalan people and government; they want us to fall into a trap. (end recording)    president cerezo addressed the delegates of 54 countries who are participating in the christian democratic international world assembly, asserting that the efforts to be exerted by his government to counter terrorism should be understood by the international community.  he said no one should condemn his government without fully understanding the situation.    president cerezo also pledged to use every available means to locate those who perpetrate acts of terrorism.    (begin recording) (cerezo) -- (broadcast in progress)...criminals and we are already looking for them!  (applause) and we will punish them according to the law, to give back to the guatemalan people the liberty that they have enjoyed for 3 and 1/2 years -- because it is the result of many years of sacrifice! (applause) (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(190, 194, ' prominent political and labor', -0.6008300185203552), (190, 201, ' prominent political and labor leaders so that the people blame the', -2.123246669769287), (191, 194, ' political and labor', -1.404648780822754)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the topic about violence and the procedures adopted by the government to counter it were discussed on 18 september during the inauguration of the christian democratic international world assembly.  guatemalan president vinicio cerezo gave the inauguration speech and revealed the plans to destabilize the country.    (begin recording) (cerezo) there are some stubborn people who refuse to accept that people want to live peacefully and freely.  there are even some people who are using violence to impose their ideas; there are some people who want to counter the guatemalan people's ideas with confrontation and polarization.  those persons are preparing right now a plot against guatemala's democracy.  it is perhaps the most cruel, harsh, and audacious plot ever prepared in the nation's 4 years of democratic history, because -- and i want you to carefully listen to this -- they have decided to kill prominent political and labor leaders so that the people blame the government -- remembering the tragedies which occurred in the past and the illegitimate governments which decided to keep, with death and repression, the privileges that they had not earned.    these people are trying to create a rift between the guatemalan people and government; they want us to fall into a trap. (end recording)    president cerezo addressed the delegates of 54 countries who are participating in the christian democratic international world assembly, asserting that the efforts to be exerted by his government to counter terrorism should be understood by the international community.  he said no one should condemn his government without fully understanding the situation.    president cerezo also pledged to use every available means to locate those who perpetrate acts of terrorism.    (begin recording) (cerezo) -- (broadcast in progress)...criminals and we are already looking for them!  (applause) and we will punish them according to the law, to give back to the guatemalan people the liberty that they have enjoyed for 3 and 1/2 years -- because it is the result of many years of sacrifice! (applause) (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(190, 194, ' prominent political and labor', -1.2470289468765259), (190, 201, ' prominent political and labor leaders so that the people blame the', -2.6431522369384766), (369, 370, 'crim', -3.709848403930664)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the topic about violence and the procedures adopted by the government to counter it were discussed on 18 september during the inauguration of the christian democratic international world assembly.  guatemalan president vinicio cerezo gave the inauguration speech and revealed the plans to destabilize the country.    (begin recording) (cerezo) there are some stubborn people who refuse to accept that people want to live peacefully and freely.  there are even some people who are using violence to impose their ideas; there are some people who want to counter the guatemalan people's ideas with confrontation and polarization.  those persons are preparing right now a plot against guatemala's democracy.  it is perhaps the most cruel, harsh, and audacious plot ever prepared in the nation's 4 years of democratic history, because -- and i want you to carefully listen to this -- they have decided to kill prominent political and labor leaders so that the people blame the government -- remembering the tragedies which occurred in the past and the illegitimate governments which decided to keep, with death and repression, the privileges that they had not earned.    these people are trying to create a rift between the guatemalan people and government; they want us to fall into a trap. (end recording)    president cerezo addressed the delegates of 54 countries who are participating in the christian democratic international world assembly, asserting that the efforts to be exerted by his government to counter terrorism should be understood by the international community.  he said no one should condemn his government without fully understanding the situation.    president cerezo also pledged to use every available means to locate those who perpetrate acts of terrorism.    (begin recording) (cerezo) -- (broadcast in progress)...criminals and we are already looking for them!  (applause) and we will punish them according to the law, to give back to the guatemalan people the liberty that they have enjoyed for 3 and 1/2 years -- because it is the result of many years of sacrifice! (applause) (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(100, 109, ' some people who are using violence to impose their', 1.8414392471313477), (100, 129, " some people who are using violence to impose their ideas; there are some people who want to counter the guatemalan people's ideas with confrontation and", -0.5623441934585571), (100, 110, ' some people who are using violence to impose their ideas', -0.6867384910583496)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>authorities have officially reported that several bank offices were adversely affected tonight in the chapinero neighborhood of northern bogota when two bombs exploded, causing minor injuries to a child and a security guard.    the first bomb exploded by the door of a banco de occidente branch at 2115 local time (0215 gmt), and the shock wave damaged other nearby banks.    following the explosion, a 9-year-old boy who lives near the banco de occidente was wounded by pieces of glass, said his relatives, who took him to the "marly" clinic near the area.    at the same time, another bomb exploded at a banco popular branch, two blocks away from where the first explosion took place, police said.    other banks and shops were damaged by the second explosion, and the security guard at the banco popular was also injured by pieces of flying glass, the authorities said.    according to preliminary reports, two men placed the explosive devices and left the scene on foot.    both of these attacks tonight, attributed to the drug trafficking cartels, took place after 10 bombs exploded early this morning in the teusaquillo area in downtown bogota.  the bombs were placed in nine political offices of the liberal and social conservative parties and in another bank office.</s>', 'start_gold': 919, 'end_gold': 932, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(238, 240, ' drug trafficking', 17.416561126708984), (238, 241, ' drug trafficking cartels', 12.649253845214844), (238, 239, ' drug', 10.272440910339355)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>authorities have officially reported that several bank offices were adversely affected tonight in the chapinero neighborhood of northern bogota when two bombs exploded, causing minor injuries to a child and a security guard.    the first bomb exploded by the door of a banco de occidente branch at 2115 local time (0215 gmt), and the shock wave damaged other nearby banks.    following the explosion, a 9-year-old boy who lives near the banco de occidente was wounded by pieces of glass, said his relatives, who took him to the "marly" clinic near the area.    at the same time, another bomb exploded at a banco popular branch, two blocks away from where the first explosion took place, police said.    other banks and shops were damaged by the second explosion, and the security guard at the banco popular was also injured by pieces of flying glass, the authorities said.    according to preliminary reports, two men placed the explosive devices and left the scene on foot.    both of these attacks tonight, attributed to the drug trafficking cartels, took place after 10 bombs exploded early this morning in the teusaquillo area in downtown bogota.  the bombs were placed in nine political offices of the liberal and social conservative parties and in another bank office.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(238, 240, ' drug trafficking', 17.466064453125), (238, 241, ' drug trafficking cartels', 12.587949752807617), (238, 239, ' drug', 10.694072723388672)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>authorities have officially reported that several bank offices were adversely affected tonight in the chapinero neighborhood of northern bogota when two bombs exploded, causing minor injuries to a child and a security guard.    the first bomb exploded by the door of a banco de occidente branch at 2115 local time (0215 gmt), and the shock wave damaged other nearby banks.    following the explosion, a 9-year-old boy who lives near the banco de occidente was wounded by pieces of glass, said his relatives, who took him to the "marly" clinic near the area.    at the same time, another bomb exploded at a banco popular branch, two blocks away from where the first explosion took place, police said.    other banks and shops were damaged by the second explosion, and the security guard at the banco popular was also injured by pieces of flying glass, the authorities said.    according to preliminary reports, two men placed the explosive devices and left the scene on foot.    both of these attacks tonight, attributed to the drug trafficking cartels, took place after 10 bombs exploded early this morning in the teusaquillo area in downtown bogota.  the bombs were placed in nine political offices of the liberal and social conservative parties and in another bank office.</s>', 'start_gold': 58, 'end_gold': 70, 'gold': ' of a banco de occidente branch at 2115', 'candidates': [(237, 239, ' drug trafficking', 14.821147918701172), (237, 240, ' drug trafficking cartels', 10.293883323669434), (237, 238, ' drug', 7.853578567504883)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>authorities have officially reported that several bank offices were adversely affected tonight in the chapinero neighborhood of northern bogota when two bombs exploded, causing minor injuries to a child and a security guard.    the first bomb exploded by the door of a banco de occidente branch at 2115 local time (0215 gmt), and the shock wave damaged other nearby banks.    following the explosion, a 9-year-old boy who lives near the banco de occidente was wounded by pieces of glass, said his relatives, who took him to the "marly" clinic near the area.    at the same time, another bomb exploded at a banco popular branch, two blocks away from where the first explosion took place, police said.    other banks and shops were damaged by the second explosion, and the security guard at the banco popular was also injured by pieces of flying glass, the authorities said.    according to preliminary reports, two men placed the explosive devices and left the scene on foot.    both of these attacks tonight, attributed to the drug trafficking cartels, took place after 10 bombs exploded early this morning in the teusaquillo area in downtown bogota.  the bombs were placed in nine political offices of the liberal and social conservative parties and in another bank office.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(41, 46, ' a child and a security', 8.926667213439941), (41, 47, ' a child and a security guard', 4.893596649169922), (41, 42, ' a', 1.4592857360839844)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>authorities have officially reported that several bank offices were adversely affected tonight in the chapinero neighborhood of northern bogota when two bombs exploded, causing minor injuries to a child and a security guard.    the first bomb exploded by the door of a banco de occidente branch at 2115 local time (0215 gmt), and the shock wave damaged other nearby banks.    following the explosion, a 9-year-old boy who lives near the banco de occidente was wounded by pieces of glass, said his relatives, who took him to the "marly" clinic near the area.    at the same time, another bomb exploded at a banco popular branch, two blocks away from where the first explosion took place, police said.    other banks and shops were damaged by the second explosion, and the security guard at the banco popular was also injured by pieces of flying glass, the authorities said.    according to preliminary reports, two men placed the explosive devices and left the scene on foot.    both of these attacks tonight, attributed to the drug trafficking cartels, took place after 10 bombs exploded early this morning in the teusaquillo area in downtown bogota.  the bombs were placed in nine political offices of the liberal and social conservative parties and in another bank office.</s>', 'start_gold': 157, 'end_gold': 169, 'gold': ' from where the first explosion took place, police said. ', 'candidates': [(237, 239, ' drug trafficking', 16.674701690673828), (237, 240, ' drug trafficking cartels', 11.927383422851562), (237, 261, ' drug trafficking cartels, took place after 10 bombs exploded early this morning in the teusaquillo area in downtown bogota', 9.730803489685059)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>i have been in touch with general octavio vargas silva, national police operational commander and inspector.  gen vargas has said that the two people who were killed in the attack that took place at suba municipality last night have not yet been identified.    (vargas) two people were killed and five others were wounded as a result of the attack.  the two people who were killed are yet to be identified.  those wounded include three employees of the gas station where the car bomb went off and two people who were walking by the gas station at the moment of the explosion.  preliminary reports have estimated that the explosion caused 70 million pesos in losses.    (carrillo) general, approximately how many kilograms of explosives were in the car bomb?    (vargas) apparently it contained 60 kg of dynamite.  the dynamite was placed inside an old station wagon.  something must have happened to the people who were inside the vehicle at the time of the explosion -- the two people who were killed.  apparently the car bomb went off by accident.  it was not supposed to have gone off at that gas station.    (carrillo) have the people who were killed been identified?    (vargas) no, not yet.  we are trying to identify them now.    (carrillo) are there special security measures to counter this wave of terrorism?    (vargas) yes, of course.  we are carrying out a series of joint actions with the bogota police department and administrative department of security personnel to neutralize terrorist actions.  we are carrying out those actions in areas we consider critical or vulnerable and in other areas where we are counteracting and neutralizing terrorist actions, as i told you.    (carrillo) are there secret agents throughout the entire city?    (vargas) yes, we have uniformed and civilian personnel guarding the city right now.  we also have the support of the bogota police department, of dijin (directorate of judicial police and investigations), and of cijin (expansion unknown). they are cooperating with us.  they are guarding areas we consider critical or places that could be targets of terrorist attacks.    (carrillo) what other measures have you adopted along with the 13th infantry brigade and the bogota mayor?    (vargas) we have implemented a number of measures, such as increasing personnel on the streets and human and material resources. in addition, we have established chekckpoints in areas we consider critical and are carrying out a number of operational activities that will help us locate these criminals.</s>', 'start_gold': 148, 'end_gold': 161, 'gold': ' in losses.    (carrillo) general,', 'candidates': [(572, 572, '', 1.2317907810211182), (16, 24, ' general octavio vargas sil', -2.526566505432129), (16, 31, ' general octavio vargas silva, national police operational commander and', -2.927834987640381)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>i have been in touch with general octavio vargas silva, national police operational commander and inspector.  gen vargas has said that the two people who were killed in the attack that took place at suba municipality last night have not yet been identified.    (vargas) two people were killed and five others were wounded as a result of the attack.  the two people who were killed are yet to be identified.  those wounded include three employees of the gas station where the car bomb went off and two people who were walking by the gas station at the moment of the explosion.  preliminary reports have estimated that the explosion caused 70 million pesos in losses.    (carrillo) general, approximately how many kilograms of explosives were in the car bomb?    (vargas) apparently it contained 60 kg of dynamite.  the dynamite was placed inside an old station wagon.  something must have happened to the people who were inside the vehicle at the time of the explosion -- the two people who were killed.  apparently the car bomb went off by accident.  it was not supposed to have gone off at that gas station.    (carrillo) have the people who were killed been identified?    (vargas) no, not yet.  we are trying to identify them now.    (carrillo) are there special security measures to counter this wave of terrorism?    (vargas) yes, of course.  we are carrying out a series of joint actions with the bogota police department and administrative department of security personnel to neutralize terrorist actions.  we are carrying out those actions in areas we consider critical or vulnerable and in other areas where we are counteracting and neutralizing terrorist actions, as i told you.    (carrillo) are there secret agents throughout the entire city?    (vargas) yes, we have uniformed and civilian personnel guarding the city right now.  we also have the support of the bogota police department, of dijin (directorate of judicial police and investigations), and of cijin (expansion unknown). they are cooperating with us.  they are guarding areas we consider critical or places that could be targets of terrorist attacks.    (carrillo) what other measures have you adopted along with the 13th infantry brigade and the bogota mayor?    (vargas) we have implemented a number of measures, such as increasing personnel on the streets and human and material resources. in addition, we have established chekckpoints in areas we consider critical and are carrying out a number of operational activities that will help us locate these criminals.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(572, 572, '', 2.565152406692505), (509, 511, ' bogota', -1.3664509057998657), (509, 512, ' bogota mayor', -4.430792808532715)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>i have been in touch with general octavio vargas silva, national police operational commander and inspector.  gen vargas has said that the two people who were killed in the attack that took place at suba municipality last night have not yet been identified.    (vargas) two people were killed and five others were wounded as a result of the attack.  the two people who were killed are yet to be identified.  those wounded include three employees of the gas station where the car bomb went off and two people who were walking by the gas station at the moment of the explosion.  preliminary reports have estimated that the explosion caused 70 million pesos in losses.    (carrillo) general, approximately how many kilograms of explosives were in the car bomb?    (vargas) apparently it contained 60 kg of dynamite.  the dynamite was placed inside an old station wagon.  something must have happened to the people who were inside the vehicle at the time of the explosion -- the two people who were killed.  apparently the car bomb went off by accident.  it was not supposed to have gone off at that gas station.    (carrillo) have the people who were killed been identified?    (vargas) no, not yet.  we are trying to identify them now.    (carrillo) are there special security measures to counter this wave of terrorism?    (vargas) yes, of course.  we are carrying out a series of joint actions with the bogota police department and administrative department of security personnel to neutralize terrorist actions.  we are carrying out those actions in areas we consider critical or vulnerable and in other areas where we are counteracting and neutralizing terrorist actions, as i told you.    (carrillo) are there secret agents throughout the entire city?    (vargas) yes, we have uniformed and civilian personnel guarding the city right now.  we also have the support of the bogota police department, of dijin (directorate of judicial police and investigations), and of cijin (expansion unknown). they are cooperating with us.  they are guarding areas we consider critical or places that could be targets of terrorist attacks.    (carrillo) what other measures have you adopted along with the 13th infantry brigade and the bogota mayor?    (vargas) we have implemented a number of measures, such as increasing personnel on the streets and human and material resources. in addition, we have established chekckpoints in areas we consider critical and are carrying out a number of operational activities that will help us locate these criminals.</s>', 'start_gold': 461, 'end_gold': 473, 'gold': ' they are cooperating with us.  they are guarding areas we', 'candidates': [(508, 510, ' bogota', -1.385244369506836), (508, 511, ' bogota mayor', -5.006120681762695), (319, 322, ' yes, of', -3.4393577575683594)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>i have been in touch with general octavio vargas silva, national police operational commander and inspector.  gen vargas has said that the two people who were killed in the attack that took place at suba municipality last night have not yet been identified.    (vargas) two people were killed and five others were wounded as a result of the attack.  the two people who were killed are yet to be identified.  those wounded include three employees of the gas station where the car bomb went off and two people who were walking by the gas station at the moment of the explosion.  preliminary reports have estimated that the explosion caused 70 million pesos in losses.    (carrillo) general, approximately how many kilograms of explosives were in the car bomb?    (vargas) apparently it contained 60 kg of dynamite.  the dynamite was placed inside an old station wagon.  something must have happened to the people who were inside the vehicle at the time of the explosion -- the two people who were killed.  apparently the car bomb went off by accident.  it was not supposed to have gone off at that gas station.    (carrillo) have the people who were killed been identified?    (vargas) no, not yet.  we are trying to identify them now.    (carrillo) are there special security measures to counter this wave of terrorism?    (vargas) yes, of course.  we are carrying out a series of joint actions with the bogota police department and administrative department of security personnel to neutralize terrorist actions.  we are carrying out those actions in areas we consider critical or vulnerable and in other areas where we are counteracting and neutralizing terrorist actions, as i told you.    (carrillo) are there secret agents throughout the entire city?    (vargas) yes, we have uniformed and civilian personnel guarding the city right now.  we also have the support of the bogota police department, of dijin (directorate of judicial police and investigations), and of cijin (expansion unknown). they are cooperating with us.  they are guarding areas we consider critical or places that could be targets of terrorist attacks.    (carrillo) what other measures have you adopted along with the 13th infantry brigade and the bogota mayor?    (vargas) we have implemented a number of measures, such as increasing personnel on the streets and human and material resources. in addition, we have established chekckpoints in areas we consider critical and are carrying out a number of operational activities that will help us locate these criminals.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(41, 62, ' two people who were killed in the attack that took place at suba municipality last night have not yet been', 2.428199291229248), (41, 45, ' two people who were', -0.6333985328674316), (41, 63, ' two people who were killed in the attack that took place at suba municipality last night have not yet been identified', -1.0339101552963257)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>i have been in touch with general octavio vargas silva, national police operational commander and inspector.  gen vargas has said that the two people who were killed in the attack that took place at suba municipality last night have not yet been identified.    (vargas) two people were killed and five others were wounded as a result of the attack.  the two people who were killed are yet to be identified.  those wounded include three employees of the gas station where the car bomb went off and two people who were walking by the gas station at the moment of the explosion.  preliminary reports have estimated that the explosion caused 70 million pesos in losses.    (carrillo) general, approximately how many kilograms of explosives were in the car bomb?    (vargas) apparently it contained 60 kg of dynamite.  the dynamite was placed inside an old station wagon.  something must have happened to the people who were inside the vehicle at the time of the explosion -- the two people who were killed.  apparently the car bomb went off by accident.  it was not supposed to have gone off at that gas station.    (carrillo) have the people who were killed been identified?    (vargas) no, not yet.  we are trying to identify them now.    (carrillo) are there special security measures to counter this wave of terrorism?    (vargas) yes, of course.  we are carrying out a series of joint actions with the bogota police department and administrative department of security personnel to neutralize terrorist actions.  we are carrying out those actions in areas we consider critical or vulnerable and in other areas where we are counteracting and neutralizing terrorist actions, as i told you.    (carrillo) are there secret agents throughout the entire city?    (vargas) yes, we have uniformed and civilian personnel guarding the city right now.  we also have the support of the bogota police department, of dijin (directorate of judicial police and investigations), and of cijin (expansion unknown). they are cooperating with us.  they are guarding areas we consider critical or places that could be targets of terrorist attacks.    (carrillo) what other measures have you adopted along with the 13th infantry brigade and the bogota mayor?    (vargas) we have implemented a number of measures, such as increasing personnel on the streets and human and material resources. in addition, we have established chekckpoints in areas we consider critical and are carrying out a number of operational activities that will help us locate these criminals.</s>', 'start_gold': 483, 'end_gold': 495, 'gold': ' attacks.    (carrillo) what other', 'candidates': [(25, 30, ' national police operational commander and', -1.1881656646728516), (25, 26, ' national', -2.0711941719055176), (25, 31, ' national police operational commander and inspector', -3.330138683319092)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>colonel rene emilio ponce, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, said today that the offensive launched on 26 september by the farabundo marti national liberation front, fmln, was a mistaken step taken by the rebels within the context of the dialogue process with the government, which was resumed in mexico.    col ponce said that with this attitude the rebels are not showing a real desire for peace, and he described it as a propagandistic action.    today, during his tour of various areas of conflict, col ponce said that recent fmln attacks on various military positions as part of its latest campaign following the unilateral truce was a serious mistake on the part of the rebel commanders, as they have been carried out in the midst of a dialogue between the rebels and the government, which has been described as continuous.    (begin recording) (ponce) that shows there are, on the one hand, the proposals and what the terrorist leaders call their desire for peace, and, on the other hand, the real actions.  i think that the campaign the fmln has mounted nationwide was a bad step, because it does not show a real and sincere desire to seek peace in our country. (end recording)    colonel ponce added that the request for reducing the number of troops as stated in the guerrilla proposal is a political move.  he played down the latest rebel offer presented to the government in mexico.    (begin recording) (ponce) the proposal was aimed at improving the fmln's image abroad, which had deteriorated in one way or another. the proposal can be discussed; however, we in the armed forces are not the ones who will discuss it or who will decide whether it can or cannot be accepted.  it is a political decision, and the armed forces will accept the decision made by the government.  the military commanders are not the ones who must decide on the number of troops the institution should have.  this is a decision to be made by the legislative assembly, based on the requirements and threats the country may be facing. (end recording)    colonel ponce visited the positions of the army's belloso and atlacatl elite battalions in the towns of perquin in morazan department and la laguna in chalatenango department, near the honduran border, where fighting is taking place.  during this military tour, col ponce said that it has been demonstrated that there is no liberated or permanently occupied territory in el salvador.  however, the rebels claim they control that area of intense conflict where the war has left its indelible mark.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(61, 61, '', 7.193917751312256), (61, 71, ' rebels within the context of the dialogue process with the', 1.4498591423034668), (546, 546, '', 5.311114311218262)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>colonel rene emilio ponce, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, said today that the offensive launched on 26 september by the farabundo marti national liberation front, fmln, was a mistaken step taken by the rebels within the context of the dialogue process with the government, which was resumed in mexico.    col ponce said that with this attitude the rebels are not showing a real desire for peace, and he described it as a propagandistic action.    today, during his tour of various areas of conflict, col ponce said that recent fmln attacks on various military positions as part of its latest campaign following the unilateral truce was a serious mistake on the part of the rebel commanders, as they have been carried out in the midst of a dialogue between the rebels and the government, which has been described as continuous.    (begin recording) (ponce) that shows there are, on the one hand, the proposals and what the terrorist leaders call their desire for peace, and, on the other hand, the real actions.  i think that the campaign the fmln has mounted nationwide was a bad step, because it does not show a real and sincere desire to seek peace in our country. (end recording)    colonel ponce added that the request for reducing the number of troops as stated in the guerrilla proposal is a political move.  he played down the latest rebel offer presented to the government in mexico.    (begin recording) (ponce) the proposal was aimed at improving the fmln's image abroad, which had deteriorated in one way or another. the proposal can be discussed; however, we in the armed forces are not the ones who will discuss it or who will decide whether it can or cannot be accepted.  it is a political decision, and the armed forces will accept the decision made by the government.  the military commanders are not the ones who must decide on the number of troops the institution should have.  this is a decision to be made by the legislative assembly, based on the requirements and threats the country may be facing. (end recording)    colonel ponce visited the positions of the army's belloso and atlacatl elite battalions in the towns of perquin in morazan department and la laguna in chalatenango department, near the honduran border, where fighting is taking place.  during this military tour, col ponce said that it has been demonstrated that there is no liberated or permanently occupied territory in el salvador.  however, the rebels claim they control that area of intense conflict where the war has left its indelible mark.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(61, 61, '', 5.93393611907959), (61, 71, ' rebels within the context of the dialogue process with the', 0.7701849937438965), (546, 546, '', 5.343999862670898)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>colonel rene emilio ponce, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, said today that the offensive launched on 26 september by the farabundo marti national liberation front, fmln, was a mistaken step taken by the rebels within the context of the dialogue process with the government, which was resumed in mexico.    col ponce said that with this attitude the rebels are not showing a real desire for peace, and he described it as a propagandistic action.    today, during his tour of various areas of conflict, col ponce said that recent fmln attacks on various military positions as part of its latest campaign following the unilateral truce was a serious mistake on the part of the rebel commanders, as they have been carried out in the midst of a dialogue between the rebels and the government, which has been described as continuous.    (begin recording) (ponce) that shows there are, on the one hand, the proposals and what the terrorist leaders call their desire for peace, and, on the other hand, the real actions.  i think that the campaign the fmln has mounted nationwide was a bad step, because it does not show a real and sincere desire to seek peace in our country. (end recording)    colonel ponce added that the request for reducing the number of troops as stated in the guerrilla proposal is a political move.  he played down the latest rebel offer presented to the government in mexico.    (begin recording) (ponce) the proposal was aimed at improving the fmln's image abroad, which had deteriorated in one way or another. the proposal can be discussed; however, we in the armed forces are not the ones who will discuss it or who will decide whether it can or cannot be accepted.  it is a political decision, and the armed forces will accept the decision made by the government.  the military commanders are not the ones who must decide on the number of troops the institution should have.  this is a decision to be made by the legislative assembly, based on the requirements and threats the country may be facing. (end recording)    colonel ponce visited the positions of the army's belloso and atlacatl elite battalions in the towns of perquin in morazan department and la laguna in chalatenango department, near the honduran border, where fighting is taking place.  during this military tour, col ponce said that it has been demonstrated that there is no liberated or permanently occupied territory in el salvador.  however, the rebels claim they control that area of intense conflict where the war has left its indelible mark.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(138, 140, ' various military', 10.372888565063477), (138, 146, ' various military positions as part of its latest', 5.549351215362549), (138, 161, ' various military positions as part of its latest campaign following the unilateral truce was a serious mistake on the part of the rebel', 4.937750816345215)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>colonel rene emilio ponce, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, said today that the offensive launched on 26 september by the farabundo marti national liberation front, fmln, was a mistaken step taken by the rebels within the context of the dialogue process with the government, which was resumed in mexico.    col ponce said that with this attitude the rebels are not showing a real desire for peace, and he described it as a propagandistic action.    today, during his tour of various areas of conflict, col ponce said that recent fmln attacks on various military positions as part of its latest campaign following the unilateral truce was a serious mistake on the part of the rebel commanders, as they have been carried out in the midst of a dialogue between the rebels and the government, which has been described as continuous.    (begin recording) (ponce) that shows there are, on the one hand, the proposals and what the terrorist leaders call their desire for peace, and, on the other hand, the real actions.  i think that the campaign the fmln has mounted nationwide was a bad step, because it does not show a real and sincere desire to seek peace in our country. (end recording)    colonel ponce added that the request for reducing the number of troops as stated in the guerrilla proposal is a political move.  he played down the latest rebel offer presented to the government in mexico.    (begin recording) (ponce) the proposal was aimed at improving the fmln's image abroad, which had deteriorated in one way or another. the proposal can be discussed; however, we in the armed forces are not the ones who will discuss it or who will decide whether it can or cannot be accepted.  it is a political decision, and the armed forces will accept the decision made by the government.  the military commanders are not the ones who must decide on the number of troops the institution should have.  this is a decision to be made by the legislative assembly, based on the requirements and threats the country may be facing. (end recording)    colonel ponce visited the positions of the army's belloso and atlacatl elite battalions in the towns of perquin in morazan department and la laguna in chalatenango department, near the honduran border, where fighting is taking place.  during this military tour, col ponce said that it has been demonstrated that there is no liberated or permanently occupied territory in el salvador.  however, the rebels claim they control that area of intense conflict where the war has left its indelible mark.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(60, 60, '', 0.03866112232208252), (60, 70, ' rebels within the context of the dialogue process with the', -2.5024514198303223), (545, 545, '', -0.4322510361671448)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>colonel rene emilio ponce, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, said today that the offensive launched on 26 september by the farabundo marti national liberation front, fmln, was a mistaken step taken by the rebels within the context of the dialogue process with the government, which was resumed in mexico.    col ponce said that with this attitude the rebels are not showing a real desire for peace, and he described it as a propagandistic action.    today, during his tour of various areas of conflict, col ponce said that recent fmln attacks on various military positions as part of its latest campaign following the unilateral truce was a serious mistake on the part of the rebel commanders, as they have been carried out in the midst of a dialogue between the rebels and the government, which has been described as continuous.    (begin recording) (ponce) that shows there are, on the one hand, the proposals and what the terrorist leaders call their desire for peace, and, on the other hand, the real actions.  i think that the campaign the fmln has mounted nationwide was a bad step, because it does not show a real and sincere desire to seek peace in our country. (end recording)    colonel ponce added that the request for reducing the number of troops as stated in the guerrilla proposal is a political move.  he played down the latest rebel offer presented to the government in mexico.    (begin recording) (ponce) the proposal was aimed at improving the fmln's image abroad, which had deteriorated in one way or another. the proposal can be discussed; however, we in the armed forces are not the ones who will discuss it or who will decide whether it can or cannot be accepted.  it is a political decision, and the armed forces will accept the decision made by the government.  the military commanders are not the ones who must decide on the number of troops the institution should have.  this is a decision to be made by the legislative assembly, based on the requirements and threats the country may be facing. (end recording)    colonel ponce visited the positions of the army's belloso and atlacatl elite battalions in the towns of perquin in morazan department and la laguna in chalatenango department, near the honduran border, where fighting is taking place.  during this military tour, col ponce said that it has been demonstrated that there is no liberated or permanently occupied territory in el salvador.  however, the rebels claim they control that area of intense conflict where the war has left its indelible mark.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(464, 476, " the army's belloso and atlacatl elite batt", 7.116961479187012), (464, 465, ' the', 2.0491180419921875), (464, 474, " the army's belloso and atlacatl", 1.6686058044433594)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>such an unconditional cease-fire does not correspond to the spirit of the esquipulas and tela agreements and the accords the government and the fmln signed in mexico in which the sides clearly agreed to find solutions in the area and in el salvador.  asking for an end to the war and negotiations is like demanding that the situation be changed without having won the war.  in addition to being unrealistic, this is a formula for not negotiating and continuing the war.    in the esquipulas ii documents, the governments urge the sides to agree to a cease-fire.  the tela accords also appeal to the salvadoran government to reach an agreement with the fmln in the spirit of the esquipulas ii accords.  this particular agreement links the cessation of hostilities to democratization, social justice, and self-determination as a harmonious, indivisible whole.  this concept is supported by the un security council in its resolution 637 of 27 july 1989.  in addition, the first paragraph of the mexican accord reads as follows: the salvadoran government and the fmln will talk in an effort to reach an understanding through negotiations to conclude the armed conflict through political means as soon as practicable. the salvadoran government and the fmln will foster the country's democratization and reunite salvadoran society.  the dialogue is meant to serve as an instrument for reaching an agreement on cessation of hostilities.  the agreement that the government signed in mexico says nothing of talking about or negotiating the fmln's demobilization but mentions negotiations to encourage democratization to agree on the cessation of hostilities.    by increasing the number of human rights violations, cristiani is closing the door to democratization.  this, plus his refusal to reach an agreement with the fmln, makes him guilty of noncompliance with the commitments that the government made at esquipulas.    3.  in accordance with the commitment we made in mexico and with the regional accords, we reiterate our full willingness to agree with the government on a cease-fire as soon as practicable and to attend the upcoming negotiation meeting in costa rica.  for this meeting, we have included in our peace proposal an agreement on a cease-fire based on the following points: reforms to the judicial system; cessation of repression; trial of both those guilty of the murder of monsignor arnulfo romero and those found to be members of the death squads; enforcement of the 1980 economic and social reforms; and suspension of the economic measures that exacerbate the crisis and the war; purge of the army; constitutional amendments; holding the 1991 elections ahead of schedule; minimum operational guarantees to establish geographical areas for the forces to maintain an effective cease-fire.    after strong opposition to the presence of the un and oas secretary generals' representatives, who will serve as witnesses at the dialogue table, cristiani agreed to invite them to the costa rica meeting.  we hope he keeps his word because this will lend seriousness to the process and guarantee the negotiations initiated in mexico.    signed the fmln general command</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(530, 534, ' members of the death', 4.348207473754883), (530, 530, '', -0.9863307476043701), (530, 535, ' members of the death squads', -1.7176990509033203)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>such an unconditional cease-fire does not correspond to the spirit of the esquipulas and tela agreements and the accords the government and the fmln signed in mexico in which the sides clearly agreed to find solutions in the area and in el salvador.  asking for an end to the war and negotiations is like demanding that the situation be changed without having won the war.  in addition to being unrealistic, this is a formula for not negotiating and continuing the war.    in the esquipulas ii documents, the governments urge the sides to agree to a cease-fire.  the tela accords also appeal to the salvadoran government to reach an agreement with the fmln in the spirit of the esquipulas ii accords.  this particular agreement links the cessation of hostilities to democratization, social justice, and self-determination as a harmonious, indivisible whole.  this concept is supported by the un security council in its resolution 637 of 27 july 1989.  in addition, the first paragraph of the mexican accord reads as follows: the salvadoran government and the fmln will talk in an effort to reach an understanding through negotiations to conclude the armed conflict through political means as soon as practicable. the salvadoran government and the fmln will foster the country's democratization and reunite salvadoran society.  the dialogue is meant to serve as an instrument for reaching an agreement on cessation of hostilities.  the agreement that the government signed in mexico says nothing of talking about or negotiating the fmln's demobilization but mentions negotiations to encourage democratization to agree on the cessation of hostilities.    by increasing the number of human rights violations, cristiani is closing the door to democratization.  this, plus his refusal to reach an agreement with the fmln, makes him guilty of noncompliance with the commitments that the government made at esquipulas.    3.  in accordance with the commitment we made in mexico and with the regional accords, we reiterate our full willingness to agree with the government on a cease-fire as soon as practicable and to attend the upcoming negotiation meeting in costa rica.  for this meeting, we have included in our peace proposal an agreement on a cease-fire based on the following points: reforms to the judicial system; cessation of repression; trial of both those guilty of the murder of monsignor arnulfo romero and those found to be members of the death squads; enforcement of the 1980 economic and social reforms; and suspension of the economic measures that exacerbate the crisis and the war; purge of the army; constitutional amendments; holding the 1991 elections ahead of schedule; minimum operational guarantees to establish geographical areas for the forces to maintain an effective cease-fire.    after strong opposition to the presence of the un and oas secretary generals' representatives, who will serve as witnesses at the dialogue table, cristiani agreed to invite them to the costa rica meeting.  we hope he keeps his word because this will lend seriousness to the process and guarantee the negotiations initiated in mexico.    signed the fmln general command</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(519, 534, ' arnulfo romero and those found to be members of the death', 4.077377796173096), (519, 524, ' arnulfo rom', 0.08698040246963501), (519, 530, ' arnulfo romero and those found to be', -1.3432238101959229)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>such an unconditional cease-fire does not correspond to the spirit of the esquipulas and tela agreements and the accords the government and the fmln signed in mexico in which the sides clearly agreed to find solutions in the area and in el salvador.  asking for an end to the war and negotiations is like demanding that the situation be changed without having won the war.  in addition to being unrealistic, this is a formula for not negotiating and continuing the war.    in the esquipulas ii documents, the governments urge the sides to agree to a cease-fire.  the tela accords also appeal to the salvadoran government to reach an agreement with the fmln in the spirit of the esquipulas ii accords.  this particular agreement links the cessation of hostilities to democratization, social justice, and self-determination as a harmonious, indivisible whole.  this concept is supported by the un security council in its resolution 637 of 27 july 1989.  in addition, the first paragraph of the mexican accord reads as follows: the salvadoran government and the fmln will talk in an effort to reach an understanding through negotiations to conclude the armed conflict through political means as soon as practicable. the salvadoran government and the fmln will foster the country's democratization and reunite salvadoran society.  the dialogue is meant to serve as an instrument for reaching an agreement on cessation of hostilities.  the agreement that the government signed in mexico says nothing of talking about or negotiating the fmln's demobilization but mentions negotiations to encourage democratization to agree on the cessation of hostilities.    by increasing the number of human rights violations, cristiani is closing the door to democratization.  this, plus his refusal to reach an agreement with the fmln, makes him guilty of noncompliance with the commitments that the government made at esquipulas.    3.  in accordance with the commitment we made in mexico and with the regional accords, we reiterate our full willingness to agree with the government on a cease-fire as soon as practicable and to attend the upcoming negotiation meeting in costa rica.  for this meeting, we have included in our peace proposal an agreement on a cease-fire based on the following points: reforms to the judicial system; cessation of repression; trial of both those guilty of the murder of monsignor arnulfo romero and those found to be members of the death squads; enforcement of the 1980 economic and social reforms; and suspension of the economic measures that exacerbate the crisis and the war; purge of the army; constitutional amendments; holding the 1991 elections ahead of schedule; minimum operational guarantees to establish geographical areas for the forces to maintain an effective cease-fire.    after strong opposition to the presence of the un and oas secretary generals' representatives, who will serve as witnesses at the dialogue table, cristiani agreed to invite them to the costa rica meeting.  we hope he keeps his word because this will lend seriousness to the process and guarantee the negotiations initiated in mexico.    signed the fmln general command</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(532, 533, ' death', 4.8712310791015625), (532, 534, ' death squads', -1.3278199434280396), (532, 532, '', -3.3957929611206055)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>such an unconditional cease-fire does not correspond to the spirit of the esquipulas and tela agreements and the accords the government and the fmln signed in mexico in which the sides clearly agreed to find solutions in the area and in el salvador.  asking for an end to the war and negotiations is like demanding that the situation be changed without having won the war.  in addition to being unrealistic, this is a formula for not negotiating and continuing the war.    in the esquipulas ii documents, the governments urge the sides to agree to a cease-fire.  the tela accords also appeal to the salvadoran government to reach an agreement with the fmln in the spirit of the esquipulas ii accords.  this particular agreement links the cessation of hostilities to democratization, social justice, and self-determination as a harmonious, indivisible whole.  this concept is supported by the un security council in its resolution 637 of 27 july 1989.  in addition, the first paragraph of the mexican accord reads as follows: the salvadoran government and the fmln will talk in an effort to reach an understanding through negotiations to conclude the armed conflict through political means as soon as practicable. the salvadoran government and the fmln will foster the country's democratization and reunite salvadoran society.  the dialogue is meant to serve as an instrument for reaching an agreement on cessation of hostilities.  the agreement that the government signed in mexico says nothing of talking about or negotiating the fmln's demobilization but mentions negotiations to encourage democratization to agree on the cessation of hostilities.    by increasing the number of human rights violations, cristiani is closing the door to democratization.  this, plus his refusal to reach an agreement with the fmln, makes him guilty of noncompliance with the commitments that the government made at esquipulas.    3.  in accordance with the commitment we made in mexico and with the regional accords, we reiterate our full willingness to agree with the government on a cease-fire as soon as practicable and to attend the upcoming negotiation meeting in costa rica.  for this meeting, we have included in our peace proposal an agreement on a cease-fire based on the following points: reforms to the judicial system; cessation of repression; trial of both those guilty of the murder of monsignor arnulfo romero and those found to be members of the death squads; enforcement of the 1980 economic and social reforms; and suspension of the economic measures that exacerbate the crisis and the war; purge of the army; constitutional amendments; holding the 1991 elections ahead of schedule; minimum operational guarantees to establish geographical areas for the forces to maintain an effective cease-fire.    after strong opposition to the presence of the un and oas secretary generals' representatives, who will serve as witnesses at the dialogue table, cristiani agreed to invite them to the costa rica meeting.  we hope he keeps his word because this will lend seriousness to the process and guarantee the negotiations initiated in mexico.    signed the fmln general command</s>", 'start_gold': 2403, 'end_gold': 2418, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(518, 533, ' arnulfo romero and those found to be members of the death', 2.1334755420684814), (518, 523, ' arnulfo rom', -0.9055802226066589), (518, 529, ' arnulfo romero and those found to be', -2.474118232727051)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>such an unconditional cease-fire does not correspond to the spirit of the esquipulas and tela agreements and the accords the government and the fmln signed in mexico in which the sides clearly agreed to find solutions in the area and in el salvador.  asking for an end to the war and negotiations is like demanding that the situation be changed without having won the war.  in addition to being unrealistic, this is a formula for not negotiating and continuing the war.    in the esquipulas ii documents, the governments urge the sides to agree to a cease-fire.  the tela accords also appeal to the salvadoran government to reach an agreement with the fmln in the spirit of the esquipulas ii accords.  this particular agreement links the cessation of hostilities to democratization, social justice, and self-determination as a harmonious, indivisible whole.  this concept is supported by the un security council in its resolution 637 of 27 july 1989.  in addition, the first paragraph of the mexican accord reads as follows: the salvadoran government and the fmln will talk in an effort to reach an understanding through negotiations to conclude the armed conflict through political means as soon as practicable. the salvadoran government and the fmln will foster the country's democratization and reunite salvadoran society.  the dialogue is meant to serve as an instrument for reaching an agreement on cessation of hostilities.  the agreement that the government signed in mexico says nothing of talking about or negotiating the fmln's demobilization but mentions negotiations to encourage democratization to agree on the cessation of hostilities.    by increasing the number of human rights violations, cristiani is closing the door to democratization.  this, plus his refusal to reach an agreement with the fmln, makes him guilty of noncompliance with the commitments that the government made at esquipulas.    3.  in accordance with the commitment we made in mexico and with the regional accords, we reiterate our full willingness to agree with the government on a cease-fire as soon as practicable and to attend the upcoming negotiation meeting in costa rica.  for this meeting, we have included in our peace proposal an agreement on a cease-fire based on the following points: reforms to the judicial system; cessation of repression; trial of both those guilty of the murder of monsignor arnulfo romero and those found to be members of the death squads; enforcement of the 1980 economic and social reforms; and suspension of the economic measures that exacerbate the crisis and the war; purge of the army; constitutional amendments; holding the 1991 elections ahead of schedule; minimum operational guarantees to establish geographical areas for the forces to maintain an effective cease-fire.    after strong opposition to the presence of the un and oas secretary generals' representatives, who will serve as witnesses at the dialogue table, cristiani agreed to invite them to the costa rica meeting.  we hope he keeps his word because this will lend seriousness to the process and guarantee the negotiations initiated in mexico.    signed the fmln general command</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(607, 610, " secretary generals'", -1.1128023862838745), (607, 608, ' secretary', -1.3861136436462402), (607, 624, " secretary generals' representatives, who will serve as witnesses at the dialogue table, crist", -3.24112606048584)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>police have confirmed that a bomb exploded early this morning in front of the offices that former president raul alfonsin has in this city. the explosion broke the windows of neighboring buildings and a woman was wounded slightly in an arm.    the attack occurred at 0320 (0620 gmt) in front of the ricardo rojas cultural center, located at 132 ayacucho street, where the former president has offices for his political activities. the explosion wounded the arm of beatriz iero, damaged the doors and walls of the offices, and broke the windows of neighboring buildings.    personnel from the 5th police precinct are investigating.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(26, 33, ' former president raul alfons', -0.43090373277664185), (26, 56, ' former president raul alfonsin has in this city. the explosion broke the windows of neighboring buildings and a woman was wounded slightly in an arm', -2.428898334503174), (26, 32, ' former president raul alf', -3.9263484477996826)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>police have confirmed that a bomb exploded early this morning in front of the offices that former president raul alfonsin has in this city. the explosion broke the windows of neighboring buildings and a woman was wounded slightly in an arm.    the attack occurred at 0320 (0620 gmt) in front of the ricardo rojas cultural center, located at 132 ayacucho street, where the former president has offices for his political activities. the explosion wounded the arm of beatriz iero, damaged the doors and walls of the offices, and broke the windows of neighboring buildings.    personnel from the 5th police precinct are investigating.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(26, 33, ' former president raul alfons', -0.3402808904647827), (26, 56, ' former president raul alfonsin has in this city. the explosion broke the windows of neighboring buildings and a woman was wounded slightly in an arm', -2.6898818016052246), (26, 32, ' former president raul alf', -3.9018185138702393)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>police have confirmed that a bomb exploded early this morning in front of the offices that former president raul alfonsin has in this city. the explosion broke the windows of neighboring buildings and a woman was wounded slightly in an arm.    the attack occurred at 0320 (0620 gmt) in front of the ricardo rojas cultural center, located at 132 ayacucho street, where the former president has offices for his political activities. the explosion wounded the arm of beatriz iero, damaged the doors and walls of the offices, and broke the windows of neighboring buildings.    personnel from the 5th police precinct are investigating.</s>', 'start_gold': 86, 'end_gold': 111, 'gold': 'acucho street, where the former president has offices for his political activities. the explosion wounded the arm of beatriz ', 'candidates': [(23, 36, ' offices that former president raul alfonsin has in this', 1.3334815502166748), (23, 23, '', 1.3219894170761108), (23, 32, ' offices that former president raul alfons', -0.04248464107513428)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>police have confirmed that a bomb exploded early this morning in front of the offices that former president raul alfonsin has in this city. the explosion broke the windows of neighboring buildings and a woman was wounded slightly in an arm.    the attack occurred at 0320 (0620 gmt) in front of the ricardo rojas cultural center, located at 132 ayacucho street, where the former president has offices for his political activities. the explosion wounded the arm of beatriz iero, damaged the doors and walls of the offices, and broke the windows of neighboring buildings.    personnel from the 5th police precinct are investigating.</s>', 'start_gold': 472, 'end_gold': 487, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(108, 112, ' beatriz ier', 2.800595760345459), (108, 129, ' beatriz iero, damaged the doors and walls of the offices, and broke the windows of neighboring', 0.4673727750778198), (108, 130, ' beatriz iero, damaged the doors and walls of the offices, and broke the windows of neighboring buildings', -0.12233030796051025)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>police have confirmed that a bomb exploded early this morning in front of the offices that former president raul alfonsin has in this city. the explosion broke the windows of neighboring buildings and a woman was wounded slightly in an arm.    the attack occurred at 0320 (0620 gmt) in front of the ricardo rojas cultural center, located at 132 ayacucho street, where the former president has offices for his political activities. the explosion wounded the arm of beatriz iero, damaged the doors and walls of the offices, and broke the windows of neighboring buildings.    personnel from the 5th police precinct are investigating.</s>', 'start_gold': 37, 'end_gold': 48, 'gold': '. the explosion broke the windows of neighboring buildings and a', 'candidates': [(25, 32, ' former president raul alfons', -1.1618281602859497), (25, 55, ' former president raul alfonsin has in this city. the explosion broke the windows of neighboring buildings and a woman was wounded slightly in an arm', -2.7186272144317627), (25, 36, ' former president raul alfonsin has in this', -3.4767823219299316)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>a peruvian diplomatic source said today that judging by peru\'s stance on the political and social situation in the isthmus, the peruvian government "is uncomfortable" with the presence of the panamanian ambassador in lima.    the source, who requested anonymity, also said that the presence of panamanian ambassador bertran sherr it "can only be understood as being of commercial and personal interest."    the source told efe that the eventual removal of panama from the group of eight and its replacement by a new member will be decided this wednesday in ica (peru) during the summit of the presidents of argentina, brazil, colombia, mexico, peru, uruguay, and venezuela.    panama\'s role in the group of eight has been suspended because of that country\'s current political situation.    the same source dismissed the idea that peru may be planning to break diplomatic relations with panama because this would affect peru\'s links with the panamanian people and "this is not the position of the group of eight member countries."    panama has had an ambassador in peru for 40 years, but only for "personal reasons".    in the private dialogue with efe, the source said that "the panamanian ambassador seemingly does not understand the messages sent by the peruvian government through its recent actions."    in early september the peruvian government removed its ambassador to panama, mr mario castro arenas, for an indefinite period and downgraded relations between the two countries to the level of charge d\'affaires.  peru did this after announcing that it would not recognize the legitimacy of the new panamanian government headed by francisco rodriguez.    asked if the panamanian diplomat would be invited to leave the country, the source said that "this has not been considered because that would imply breaking relations with panama, and peru does not want to go that far."    in comments to a television reporter last sunday in lima, foreign minister guillermo larco cox said that president alan garcia will propose the definitive expulsion of panama from the group of eight.    the foreign ministers of argentina, brazil, mexico, uruguay, and peru began a 2-day meeting in trujillo today and their agenda includes the situation in panama, the fight against drug trafficking, terrorism, the foreign debt, and the integration process.    trujillo, 550 kilometers north of lima, is normally a quiet area, but it now gives the impression of being a militarized city.  this military presence is aimed at deterring sabotage and attacks by terrorist groups.    at least 5,000 policemen and soldiers are guarding all entrances to the city.  there is even heavier security at the plaza de armas zone, where the foreign ministers will meet.  no vehicles or people are allowed in that area.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(588, 589, ' terrorist', 3.9716274738311768), (588, 588, '', 0.9006156921386719), (588, 590, ' terrorist groups', 0.19591474533081055)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>a peruvian diplomatic source said today that judging by peru\'s stance on the political and social situation in the isthmus, the peruvian government "is uncomfortable" with the presence of the panamanian ambassador in lima.    the source, who requested anonymity, also said that the presence of panamanian ambassador bertran sherr it "can only be understood as being of commercial and personal interest."    the source told efe that the eventual removal of panama from the group of eight and its replacement by a new member will be decided this wednesday in ica (peru) during the summit of the presidents of argentina, brazil, colombia, mexico, peru, uruguay, and venezuela.    panama\'s role in the group of eight has been suspended because of that country\'s current political situation.    the same source dismissed the idea that peru may be planning to break diplomatic relations with panama because this would affect peru\'s links with the panamanian people and "this is not the position of the group of eight member countries."    panama has had an ambassador in peru for 40 years, but only for "personal reasons".    in the private dialogue with efe, the source said that "the panamanian ambassador seemingly does not understand the messages sent by the peruvian government through its recent actions."    in early september the peruvian government removed its ambassador to panama, mr mario castro arenas, for an indefinite period and downgraded relations between the two countries to the level of charge d\'affaires.  peru did this after announcing that it would not recognize the legitimacy of the new panamanian government headed by francisco rodriguez.    asked if the panamanian diplomat would be invited to leave the country, the source said that "this has not been considered because that would imply breaking relations with panama, and peru does not want to go that far."    in comments to a television reporter last sunday in lima, foreign minister guillermo larco cox said that president alan garcia will propose the definitive expulsion of panama from the group of eight.    the foreign ministers of argentina, brazil, mexico, uruguay, and peru began a 2-day meeting in trujillo today and their agenda includes the situation in panama, the fight against drug trafficking, terrorism, the foreign debt, and the integration process.    trujillo, 550 kilometers north of lima, is normally a quiet area, but it now gives the impression of being a militarized city.  this military presence is aimed at deterring sabotage and attacks by terrorist groups.    at least 5,000 policemen and soldiers are guarding all entrances to the city.  there is even heavier security at the plaza de armas zone, where the foreign ministers will meet.  no vehicles or people are allowed in that area.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(588, 589, ' terrorist', 10.547922134399414), (588, 588, '', 8.972329139709473), (588, 590, ' terrorist groups', 6.469268798828125)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>a peruvian diplomatic source said today that judging by peru\'s stance on the political and social situation in the isthmus, the peruvian government "is uncomfortable" with the presence of the panamanian ambassador in lima.    the source, who requested anonymity, also said that the presence of panamanian ambassador bertran sherr it "can only be understood as being of commercial and personal interest."    the source told efe that the eventual removal of panama from the group of eight and its replacement by a new member will be decided this wednesday in ica (peru) during the summit of the presidents of argentina, brazil, colombia, mexico, peru, uruguay, and venezuela.    panama\'s role in the group of eight has been suspended because of that country\'s current political situation.    the same source dismissed the idea that peru may be planning to break diplomatic relations with panama because this would affect peru\'s links with the panamanian people and "this is not the position of the group of eight member countries."    panama has had an ambassador in peru for 40 years, but only for "personal reasons".    in the private dialogue with efe, the source said that "the panamanian ambassador seemingly does not understand the messages sent by the peruvian government through its recent actions."    in early september the peruvian government removed its ambassador to panama, mr mario castro arenas, for an indefinite period and downgraded relations between the two countries to the level of charge d\'affaires.  peru did this after announcing that it would not recognize the legitimacy of the new panamanian government headed by francisco rodriguez.    asked if the panamanian diplomat would be invited to leave the country, the source said that "this has not been considered because that would imply breaking relations with panama, and peru does not want to go that far."    in comments to a television reporter last sunday in lima, foreign minister guillermo larco cox said that president alan garcia will propose the definitive expulsion of panama from the group of eight.    the foreign ministers of argentina, brazil, mexico, uruguay, and peru began a 2-day meeting in trujillo today and their agenda includes the situation in panama, the fight against drug trafficking, terrorism, the foreign debt, and the integration process.    trujillo, 550 kilometers north of lima, is normally a quiet area, but it now gives the impression of being a militarized city.  this military presence is aimed at deterring sabotage and attacks by terrorist groups.    at least 5,000 policemen and soldiers are guarding all entrances to the city.  there is even heavier security at the plaza de armas zone, where the foreign ministers will meet.  no vehicles or people are allowed in that area.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(587, 588, ' terrorist', 8.982667922973633), (587, 589, ' terrorist groups', 5.521368980407715), (587, 587, '', 4.144367694854736)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>a peruvian diplomatic source said today that judging by peru\'s stance on the political and social situation in the isthmus, the peruvian government "is uncomfortable" with the presence of the panamanian ambassador in lima.    the source, who requested anonymity, also said that the presence of panamanian ambassador bertran sherr it "can only be understood as being of commercial and personal interest."    the source told efe that the eventual removal of panama from the group of eight and its replacement by a new member will be decided this wednesday in ica (peru) during the summit of the presidents of argentina, brazil, colombia, mexico, peru, uruguay, and venezuela.    panama\'s role in the group of eight has been suspended because of that country\'s current political situation.    the same source dismissed the idea that peru may be planning to break diplomatic relations with panama because this would affect peru\'s links with the panamanian people and "this is not the position of the group of eight member countries."    panama has had an ambassador in peru for 40 years, but only for "personal reasons".    in the private dialogue with efe, the source said that "the panamanian ambassador seemingly does not understand the messages sent by the peruvian government through its recent actions."    in early september the peruvian government removed its ambassador to panama, mr mario castro arenas, for an indefinite period and downgraded relations between the two countries to the level of charge d\'affaires.  peru did this after announcing that it would not recognize the legitimacy of the new panamanian government headed by francisco rodriguez.    asked if the panamanian diplomat would be invited to leave the country, the source said that "this has not been considered because that would imply breaking relations with panama, and peru does not want to go that far."    in comments to a television reporter last sunday in lima, foreign minister guillermo larco cox said that president alan garcia will propose the definitive expulsion of panama from the group of eight.    the foreign ministers of argentina, brazil, mexico, uruguay, and peru began a 2-day meeting in trujillo today and their agenda includes the situation in panama, the fight against drug trafficking, terrorism, the foreign debt, and the integration process.    trujillo, 550 kilometers north of lima, is normally a quiet area, but it now gives the impression of being a militarized city.  this military presence is aimed at deterring sabotage and attacks by terrorist groups.    at least 5,000 policemen and soldiers are guarding all entrances to the city.  there is even heavier security at the plaza de armas zone, where the foreign ministers will meet.  no vehicles or people are allowed in that area.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(225, 228, ' panamanian', 0.010975360870361328), (225, 227, ' panaman', -2.6196444034576416), (470, 476, ' panama from the group of', -1.3245067596435547)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>a peruvian diplomatic source said today that judging by peru\'s stance on the political and social situation in the isthmus, the peruvian government "is uncomfortable" with the presence of the panamanian ambassador in lima.    the source, who requested anonymity, also said that the presence of panamanian ambassador bertran sherr it "can only be understood as being of commercial and personal interest."    the source told efe that the eventual removal of panama from the group of eight and its replacement by a new member will be decided this wednesday in ica (peru) during the summit of the presidents of argentina, brazil, colombia, mexico, peru, uruguay, and venezuela.    panama\'s role in the group of eight has been suspended because of that country\'s current political situation.    the same source dismissed the idea that peru may be planning to break diplomatic relations with panama because this would affect peru\'s links with the panamanian people and "this is not the position of the group of eight member countries."    panama has had an ambassador in peru for 40 years, but only for "personal reasons".    in the private dialogue with efe, the source said that "the panamanian ambassador seemingly does not understand the messages sent by the peruvian government through its recent actions."    in early september the peruvian government removed its ambassador to panama, mr mario castro arenas, for an indefinite period and downgraded relations between the two countries to the level of charge d\'affaires.  peru did this after announcing that it would not recognize the legitimacy of the new panamanian government headed by francisco rodriguez.    asked if the panamanian diplomat would be invited to leave the country, the source said that "this has not been considered because that would imply breaking relations with panama, and peru does not want to go that far."    in comments to a television reporter last sunday in lima, foreign minister guillermo larco cox said that president alan garcia will propose the definitive expulsion of panama from the group of eight.    the foreign ministers of argentina, brazil, mexico, uruguay, and peru began a 2-day meeting in trujillo today and their agenda includes the situation in panama, the fight against drug trafficking, terrorism, the foreign debt, and the integration process.    trujillo, 550 kilometers north of lima, is normally a quiet area, but it now gives the impression of being a militarized city.  this military presence is aimed at deterring sabotage and attacks by terrorist groups.    at least 5,000 policemen and soldiers are guarding all entrances to the city.  there is even heavier security at the plaza de armas zone, where the foreign ministers will meet.  no vehicles or people are allowed in that area.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(482, 483, ' foreign', -1.9992406368255615), (482, 502, ' foreign ministers of argentina, brazil, mexico, uruguay, and per', -4.716921329498291), (48, 51, ' panamanian', -4.500030040740967)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>"the extraditables," the armed branch of the medellin cartel have claimed responsibility for the murder of two employees of bogota\'s daily el espectador perpetrated today in medellin, a source from that newspaper told efe.    miguel soler rodriguez, el espectator\'s circulation manager and martha luz lopez, the correspondent\'s office administrator, were killed today in separate attacks carried out by gunmen in medellin, colombia\'s second largest city and capital of the antioquia department.    shortly after the murders, an anonymous call was received at el espectador\'s office in medellin, threatening to kill all the editors and office personnel who do not resign in 3 days.    "the extraditables," the voice said, "do not want that newspaper circulating in antioquia anymore."    martha luz lopez, 35, who worked for el espectador 11 years, was killed by two men on motorcycles who intercepted her car at a corner and shot her several times. at the moment of the attack, she was accompanied by her mother martha lopez orozco de lopez, who was wounded.    soler, who was 45-years old and had worked for 25 years at el espectator, was also killed by unidentified individuals while he was on his way back to his residence.    soler, who was in charge of advertising and circulation of el espectador in medellin and the northwestern area of colombia, was married and the father of three children.    the main offices in bogota of el espectador, the newspaper most threatened by colombia\'s drug trafficking mafia, were partially destroyed on 2 september when a car bomb explosion injured over 90 people.    newspaper director guillermo cano was murdered as he was leaving his office on 17 december 1986. this crime was attributed to the medellin cartel, which together with the cali cartel, is considered to be among the most important organizations in the world involved in the trafficking and distribution of cocaine.    newspaper attorney and journalist hector giraldo galvez, who was the civil prosecutor in the investigation into guillermo cano\'s homicide, was also murdered in bogota on 29 march.    el espectador has characterized itself by rejecting and condemning drug trafficking and other criminal activities involving mafiosos.</s>', 'start_gold': 10, 'end_gold': 25, 'gold': '"the extraditables," the armed branch of the medellin cartel', 'candidates': [(517, 520, ' mafios', 8.354074478149414), (517, 521, ' mafiosos', 3.430553913116455), (517, 519, ' maf', 1.8463048934936523)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>"the extraditables," the armed branch of the medellin cartel have claimed responsibility for the murder of two employees of bogota\'s daily el espectador perpetrated today in medellin, a source from that newspaper told efe.    miguel soler rodriguez, el espectator\'s circulation manager and martha luz lopez, the correspondent\'s office administrator, were killed today in separate attacks carried out by gunmen in medellin, colombia\'s second largest city and capital of the antioquia department.    shortly after the murders, an anonymous call was received at el espectador\'s office in medellin, threatening to kill all the editors and office personnel who do not resign in 3 days.    "the extraditables," the voice said, "do not want that newspaper circulating in antioquia anymore."    martha luz lopez, 35, who worked for el espectador 11 years, was killed by two men on motorcycles who intercepted her car at a corner and shot her several times. at the moment of the attack, she was accompanied by her mother martha lopez orozco de lopez, who was wounded.    soler, who was 45-years old and had worked for 25 years at el espectator, was also killed by unidentified individuals while he was on his way back to his residence.    soler, who was in charge of advertising and circulation of el espectador in medellin and the northwestern area of colombia, was married and the father of three children.    the main offices in bogota of el espectador, the newspaper most threatened by colombia\'s drug trafficking mafia, were partially destroyed on 2 september when a car bomb explosion injured over 90 people.    newspaper director guillermo cano was murdered as he was leaving his office on 17 december 1986. this crime was attributed to the medellin cartel, which together with the cali cartel, is considered to be among the most important organizations in the world involved in the trafficking and distribution of cocaine.    newspaper attorney and journalist hector giraldo galvez, who was the civil prosecutor in the investigation into guillermo cano\'s homicide, was also murdered in bogota on 29 march.    el espectador has characterized itself by rejecting and condemning drug trafficking and other criminal activities involving mafiosos.</s>', 'start_gold': 10, 'end_gold': 25, 'gold': '"the extraditables," the armed branch of the medellin cartel', 'candidates': [(517, 520, ' mafios', 10.743593215942383), (517, 521, ' mafiosos', 6.426731109619141), (517, 519, ' maf', 4.468329906463623)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>"the extraditables," the armed branch of the medellin cartel have claimed responsibility for the murder of two employees of bogota\'s daily el espectador perpetrated today in medellin, a source from that newspaper told efe.    miguel soler rodriguez, el espectator\'s circulation manager and martha luz lopez, the correspondent\'s office administrator, were killed today in separate attacks carried out by gunmen in medellin, colombia\'s second largest city and capital of the antioquia department.    shortly after the murders, an anonymous call was received at el espectador\'s office in medellin, threatening to kill all the editors and office personnel who do not resign in 3 days.    "the extraditables," the voice said, "do not want that newspaper circulating in antioquia anymore."    martha luz lopez, 35, who worked for el espectador 11 years, was killed by two men on motorcycles who intercepted her car at a corner and shot her several times. at the moment of the attack, she was accompanied by her mother martha lopez orozco de lopez, who was wounded.    soler, who was 45-years old and had worked for 25 years at el espectator, was also killed by unidentified individuals while he was on his way back to his residence.    soler, who was in charge of advertising and circulation of el espectador in medellin and the northwestern area of colombia, was married and the father of three children.    the main offices in bogota of el espectador, the newspaper most threatened by colombia\'s drug trafficking mafia, were partially destroyed on 2 september when a car bomb explosion injured over 90 people.    newspaper director guillermo cano was murdered as he was leaving his office on 17 december 1986. this crime was attributed to the medellin cartel, which together with the cali cartel, is considered to be among the most important organizations in the world involved in the trafficking and distribution of cocaine.    newspaper attorney and journalist hector giraldo galvez, who was the civil prosecutor in the investigation into guillermo cano\'s homicide, was also murdered in bogota on 29 march.    el espectador has characterized itself by rejecting and condemning drug trafficking and other criminal activities involving mafiosos.</s>', 'start_gold': 1415, 'end_gold': 1435, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(516, 519, ' mafios', 3.303250789642334), (516, 518, ' maf', 2.0464019775390625), (516, 520, ' mafiosos', -1.5556986331939697)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>"the extraditables," the armed branch of the medellin cartel have claimed responsibility for the murder of two employees of bogota\'s daily el espectador perpetrated today in medellin, a source from that newspaper told efe.    miguel soler rodriguez, el espectator\'s circulation manager and martha luz lopez, the correspondent\'s office administrator, were killed today in separate attacks carried out by gunmen in medellin, colombia\'s second largest city and capital of the antioquia department.    shortly after the murders, an anonymous call was received at el espectador\'s office in medellin, threatening to kill all the editors and office personnel who do not resign in 3 days.    "the extraditables," the voice said, "do not want that newspaper circulating in antioquia anymore."    martha luz lopez, 35, who worked for el espectador 11 years, was killed by two men on motorcycles who intercepted her car at a corner and shot her several times. at the moment of the attack, she was accompanied by her mother martha lopez orozco de lopez, who was wounded.    soler, who was 45-years old and had worked for 25 years at el espectator, was also killed by unidentified individuals while he was on his way back to his residence.    soler, who was in charge of advertising and circulation of el espectador in medellin and the northwestern area of colombia, was married and the father of three children.    the main offices in bogota of el espectador, the newspaper most threatened by colombia\'s drug trafficking mafia, were partially destroyed on 2 september when a car bomb explosion injured over 90 people.    newspaper director guillermo cano was murdered as he was leaving his office on 17 december 1986. this crime was attributed to the medellin cartel, which together with the cali cartel, is considered to be among the most important organizations in the world involved in the trafficking and distribution of cocaine.    newspaper attorney and journalist hector giraldo galvez, who was the civil prosecutor in the investigation into guillermo cano\'s homicide, was also murdered in bogota on 29 march.    el espectador has characterized itself by rejecting and condemning drug trafficking and other criminal activities involving mafiosos.</s>', 'start_gold': 234, 'end_gold': 252, 'gold': ' the moment of the attack, she was accompanied by her mother martha lopez oro', 'candidates': [(10, 13, 'the extradit', 4.494933128356934), (10, 14, 'the extraditables', 3.8419711589813232), (10, 23, 'the extraditables," the armed branch of the medellin', 1.940393090248108)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>"the extraditables," the armed branch of the medellin cartel have claimed responsibility for the murder of two employees of bogota\'s daily el espectador perpetrated today in medellin, a source from that newspaper told efe.    miguel soler rodriguez, el espectator\'s circulation manager and martha luz lopez, the correspondent\'s office administrator, were killed today in separate attacks carried out by gunmen in medellin, colombia\'s second largest city and capital of the antioquia department.    shortly after the murders, an anonymous call was received at el espectador\'s office in medellin, threatening to kill all the editors and office personnel who do not resign in 3 days.    "the extraditables," the voice said, "do not want that newspaper circulating in antioquia anymore."    martha luz lopez, 35, who worked for el espectador 11 years, was killed by two men on motorcycles who intercepted her car at a corner and shot her several times. at the moment of the attack, she was accompanied by her mother martha lopez orozco de lopez, who was wounded.    soler, who was 45-years old and had worked for 25 years at el espectator, was also killed by unidentified individuals while he was on his way back to his residence.    soler, who was in charge of advertising and circulation of el espectador in medellin and the northwestern area of colombia, was married and the father of three children.    the main offices in bogota of el espectador, the newspaper most threatened by colombia\'s drug trafficking mafia, were partially destroyed on 2 september when a car bomb explosion injured over 90 people.    newspaper director guillermo cano was murdered as he was leaving his office on 17 december 1986. this crime was attributed to the medellin cartel, which together with the cali cartel, is considered to be among the most important organizations in the world involved in the trafficking and distribution of cocaine.    newspaper attorney and journalist hector giraldo galvez, who was the civil prosecutor in the investigation into guillermo cano\'s homicide, was also murdered in bogota on 29 march.    el espectador has characterized itself by rejecting and condemning drug trafficking and other criminal activities involving mafiosos.</s>', 'start_gold': 1571, 'end_gold': 1583, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(516, 518, ' maf', 8.877782821655273), (516, 519, ' mafios', 8.8685302734375), (516, 520, ' mafiosos', 4.537451267242432)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the most pressing demands of the chilean people have been brought up in the electoral campaign.  one of the most important achievements of this campaign has been the combining of the campaign with the just economic, political, and social demands that the democratic forces and the popular movement have been making for these 16 years of dictatorship.  these demands are related to the struggle against repression, the defense of human rights, the denunciation of crimes committed by the regime, and efforts to fight immunity and the suppression of the truth regarding torture, disappearances, and assassinations. these questions have once again come into the spotlight now that many rightist candidates are demagogically attempting to pose as defenders of human rights and since el mercurio has reported that the dictator is planning to convert the cni (national information center) into an agency of the army so that the main repressive body from all these years can be under his direct control.  jaime inzunza, leader of the united left and the communist party of chile, discusses these topics over a direct phone line from santiago, chile.    (begin recording) (announcer) how are the chilean people\'s demands connected to the ongoing electoral campaign?    (inzunza) they are connected through the democratization of the neighborhood boards during the electoral process; the strengthening of the unified actions of workers; the development of the committees for victory, which will also be committees for the defense of victory and committees for carrying on the democratic task; the development of confidence; the struggle for human rights, particularly concerning truth and justice and immunity for crimes; the increasing pressure by the immense majority of the population for the release of all political prisoners; and naturally for the dissolution of the cni. all of these questions are being brought up in the electoral campaign, and agreements have been reached within social organizations.  this was evidenced a week ago by the salvadora strike and by the current strike by coal miners.  this proves that the people have understood that the electoral campaign has to be an expression of their activities and a way to strengthen their social organizations for the future struggle. (end recording)    the preceding comments were made by communist party of chile leader jaime inzunza, who has been interviewed over the telephone on our program "escucha chile."  another topic discussed by inzunza was the el mercurio report on the cni\'s transfer to the army.  the dissolution of the cni has become one of the most pressing demands of the immense majority of chileans.    (begin recording) (announcer) what is your opinion, jaime inzunza, on the dictator\'s intention to maintain the cni as it is and to keep it under his direct command?    (inzunza) i believe that this issue is particularly serious.  the intention is to maintain intact the main terrorist apparatus of the dictatorship, which has been responsible for the most flagrant violations of human rights throughout the years of its existence.  i understand that the dina (national intelligence directorate, replaced by cni) and the cni have been in fact a single apparatus and therefore the main organs of state terrorrism over the past 15 years.  if transferred to the army, the cni would continue to be under pinochet\'s orders.  under whose orders has it been all these years?  for whom has it been a direct agent all these years?  henceforth it will be under the control of the office of the commander in chief of the army. (end recording)    communist leader jaime inzunza added that pinochet\'s intent in transferring the cni to the army\'s direct command is to make the institution an accomplice in concealing people who have been responsible for crimes and human rights violations.    (begin recording) (inzunza) the idea is to involve the military institution in crimes for which the chilean people knows it was not responsible.  this is clear: what the democratic opposition forces want is to have the culprits behind those crimes and human rights violations prosecuted, not the military institution.  the transfer of the cni to the army is an attempt to make the men in uniform act as accomplices or accessories to those crimes.  loyalty is not at stake here; loyalty is defending values and principles, not some sort of criminal complicity that is not in line with the training of these men.  this seems to me to be particularly serious because this transfer implies maintaining the cni under the orders of the man responsible for the crimes committed all these years, the dictator himself. (end recording)    these have been answers given by jaime inzunza, united left and communist party of chile leader, to questions put to him over the phone by "escucha chile," a radio moscow international program.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(269, 283, ' they are connected through the democratization of the neighborhood boards during the electoral', -5.037265300750732), (698, 699, ' pin', -3.741147518157959), (507, 513, " cni's transfer to the", -4.596426010131836)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the most pressing demands of the chilean people have been brought up in the electoral campaign.  one of the most important achievements of this campaign has been the combining of the campaign with the just economic, political, and social demands that the democratic forces and the popular movement have been making for these 16 years of dictatorship.  these demands are related to the struggle against repression, the defense of human rights, the denunciation of crimes committed by the regime, and efforts to fight immunity and the suppression of the truth regarding torture, disappearances, and assassinations. these questions have once again come into the spotlight now that many rightist candidates are demagogically attempting to pose as defenders of human rights and since el mercurio has reported that the dictator is planning to convert the cni (national information center) into an agency of the army so that the main repressive body from all these years can be under his direct control.  jaime inzunza, leader of the united left and the communist party of chile, discusses these topics over a direct phone line from santiago, chile.    (begin recording) (announcer) how are the chilean people\'s demands connected to the ongoing electoral campaign?    (inzunza) they are connected through the democratization of the neighborhood boards during the electoral process; the strengthening of the unified actions of workers; the development of the committees for victory, which will also be committees for the defense of victory and committees for carrying on the democratic task; the development of confidence; the struggle for human rights, particularly concerning truth and justice and immunity for crimes; the increasing pressure by the immense majority of the population for the release of all political prisoners; and naturally for the dissolution of the cni. all of these questions are being brought up in the electoral campaign, and agreements have been reached within social organizations.  this was evidenced a week ago by the salvadora strike and by the current strike by coal miners.  this proves that the people have understood that the electoral campaign has to be an expression of their activities and a way to strengthen their social organizations for the future struggle. (end recording)    the preceding comments were made by communist party of chile leader jaime inzunza, who has been interviewed over the telephone on our program "escucha chile."  another topic discussed by inzunza was the el mercurio report on the cni\'s transfer to the army.  the dissolution of the cni has become one of the most pressing demands of the immense majority of chileans.    (begin recording) (announcer) what is your opinion, jaime inzunza, on the dictator\'s intention to maintain the cni as it is and to keep it under his direct command?    (inzunza) i believe that this issue is particularly serious.  the intention is to maintain intact the main terrorist apparatus of the dictatorship, which has been responsible for the most flagrant violations of human rights throughout the years of its existence.  i understand that the dina (national intelligence directorate, replaced by cni) and the cni have been in fact a single apparatus and therefore the main organs of state terrorrism over the past 15 years.  if transferred to the army, the cni would continue to be under pinochet\'s orders.  under whose orders has it been all these years?  for whom has it been a direct agent all these years?  henceforth it will be under the control of the office of the commander in chief of the army. (end recording)    communist leader jaime inzunza added that pinochet\'s intent in transferring the cni to the army\'s direct command is to make the institution an accomplice in concealing people who have been responsible for crimes and human rights violations.    (begin recording) (inzunza) the idea is to involve the military institution in crimes for which the chilean people knows it was not responsible.  this is clear: what the democratic opposition forces want is to have the culprits behind those crimes and human rights violations prosecuted, not the military institution.  the transfer of the cni to the army is an attempt to make the men in uniform act as accomplices or accessories to those crimes.  loyalty is not at stake here; loyalty is defending values and principles, not some sort of criminal complicity that is not in line with the training of these men.  this seems to me to be particularly serious because this transfer implies maintaining the cni under the orders of the man responsible for the crimes committed all these years, the dictator himself. (end recording)    these have been answers given by jaime inzunza, united left and communist party of chile leader, to questions put to him over the phone by "escucha chile," a radio moscow international program.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(269, 283, ' they are connected through the democratization of the neighborhood boards during the electoral', -5.6964240074157715), (698, 699, ' pin', -3.852285861968994), (389, 390, ' social', -5.394035816192627)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the most pressing demands of the chilean people have been brought up in the electoral campaign.  one of the most important achievements of this campaign has been the combining of the campaign with the just economic, political, and social demands that the democratic forces and the popular movement have been making for these 16 years of dictatorship.  these demands are related to the struggle against repression, the defense of human rights, the denunciation of crimes committed by the regime, and efforts to fight immunity and the suppression of the truth regarding torture, disappearances, and assassinations. these questions have once again come into the spotlight now that many rightist candidates are demagogically attempting to pose as defenders of human rights and since el mercurio has reported that the dictator is planning to convert the cni (national information center) into an agency of the army so that the main repressive body from all these years can be under his direct control.  jaime inzunza, leader of the united left and the communist party of chile, discusses these topics over a direct phone line from santiago, chile.    (begin recording) (announcer) how are the chilean people\'s demands connected to the ongoing electoral campaign?    (inzunza) they are connected through the democratization of the neighborhood boards during the electoral process; the strengthening of the unified actions of workers; the development of the committees for victory, which will also be committees for the defense of victory and committees for carrying on the democratic task; the development of confidence; the struggle for human rights, particularly concerning truth and justice and immunity for crimes; the increasing pressure by the immense majority of the population for the release of all political prisoners; and naturally for the dissolution of the cni. all of these questions are being brought up in the electoral campaign, and agreements have been reached within social organizations.  this was evidenced a week ago by the salvadora strike and by the current strike by coal miners.  this proves that the people have understood that the electoral campaign has to be an expression of their activities and a way to strengthen their social organizations for the future struggle. (end recording)    the preceding comments were made by communist party of chile leader jaime inzunza, who has been interviewed over the telephone on our program "escucha chile."  another topic discussed by inzunza was the el mercurio report on the cni\'s transfer to the army.  the dissolution of the cni has become one of the most pressing demands of the immense majority of chileans.    (begin recording) (announcer) what is your opinion, jaime inzunza, on the dictator\'s intention to maintain the cni as it is and to keep it under his direct command?    (inzunza) i believe that this issue is particularly serious.  the intention is to maintain intact the main terrorist apparatus of the dictatorship, which has been responsible for the most flagrant violations of human rights throughout the years of its existence.  i understand that the dina (national intelligence directorate, replaced by cni) and the cni have been in fact a single apparatus and therefore the main organs of state terrorrism over the past 15 years.  if transferred to the army, the cni would continue to be under pinochet\'s orders.  under whose orders has it been all these years?  for whom has it been a direct agent all these years?  henceforth it will be under the control of the office of the commander in chief of the army. (end recording)    communist leader jaime inzunza added that pinochet\'s intent in transferring the cni to the army\'s direct command is to make the institution an accomplice in concealing people who have been responsible for crimes and human rights violations.    (begin recording) (inzunza) the idea is to involve the military institution in crimes for which the chilean people knows it was not responsible.  this is clear: what the democratic opposition forces want is to have the culprits behind those crimes and human rights violations prosecuted, not the military institution.  the transfer of the cni to the army is an attempt to make the men in uniform act as accomplices or accessories to those crimes.  loyalty is not at stake here; loyalty is defending values and principles, not some sort of criminal complicity that is not in line with the training of these men.  this seems to me to be particularly serious because this transfer implies maintaining the cni under the orders of the man responsible for the crimes committed all these years, the dictator himself. (end recording)    these have been answers given by jaime inzunza, united left and communist party of chile leader, to questions put to him over the phone by "escucha chile," a radio moscow international program.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(112, 119, ' torture, disappearances, and assass', 14.12153148651123), (112, 120, ' torture, disappearances, and assassinations', 10.542254447937012), (112, 115, ' torture, disappear', 7.876285552978516)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the most pressing demands of the chilean people have been brought up in the electoral campaign.  one of the most important achievements of this campaign has been the combining of the campaign with the just economic, political, and social demands that the democratic forces and the popular movement have been making for these 16 years of dictatorship.  these demands are related to the struggle against repression, the defense of human rights, the denunciation of crimes committed by the regime, and efforts to fight immunity and the suppression of the truth regarding torture, disappearances, and assassinations. these questions have once again come into the spotlight now that many rightist candidates are demagogically attempting to pose as defenders of human rights and since el mercurio has reported that the dictator is planning to convert the cni (national information center) into an agency of the army so that the main repressive body from all these years can be under his direct control.  jaime inzunza, leader of the united left and the communist party of chile, discusses these topics over a direct phone line from santiago, chile.    (begin recording) (announcer) how are the chilean people\'s demands connected to the ongoing electoral campaign?    (inzunza) they are connected through the democratization of the neighborhood boards during the electoral process; the strengthening of the unified actions of workers; the development of the committees for victory, which will also be committees for the defense of victory and committees for carrying on the democratic task; the development of confidence; the struggle for human rights, particularly concerning truth and justice and immunity for crimes; the increasing pressure by the immense majority of the population for the release of all political prisoners; and naturally for the dissolution of the cni. all of these questions are being brought up in the electoral campaign, and agreements have been reached within social organizations.  this was evidenced a week ago by the salvadora strike and by the current strike by coal miners.  this proves that the people have understood that the electoral campaign has to be an expression of their activities and a way to strengthen their social organizations for the future struggle. (end recording)    the preceding comments were made by communist party of chile leader jaime inzunza, who has been interviewed over the telephone on our program "escucha chile."  another topic discussed by inzunza was the el mercurio report on the cni\'s transfer to the army.  the dissolution of the cni has become one of the most pressing demands of the immense majority of chileans.    (begin recording) (announcer) what is your opinion, jaime inzunza, on the dictator\'s intention to maintain the cni as it is and to keep it under his direct command?    (inzunza) i believe that this issue is particularly serious.  the intention is to maintain intact the main terrorist apparatus of the dictatorship, which has been responsible for the most flagrant violations of human rights throughout the years of its existence.  i understand that the dina (national intelligence directorate, replaced by cni) and the cni have been in fact a single apparatus and therefore the main organs of state terrorrism over the past 15 years.  if transferred to the army, the cni would continue to be under pinochet\'s orders.  under whose orders has it been all these years?  for whom has it been a direct agent all these years?  henceforth it will be under the control of the office of the commander in chief of the army. (end recording)    communist leader jaime inzunza added that pinochet\'s intent in transferring the cni to the army\'s direct command is to make the institution an accomplice in concealing people who have been responsible for crimes and human rights violations.    (begin recording) (inzunza) the idea is to involve the military institution in crimes for which the chilean people knows it was not responsible.  this is clear: what the democratic opposition forces want is to have the culprits behind those crimes and human rights violations prosecuted, not the military institution.  the transfer of the cni to the army is an attempt to make the men in uniform act as accomplices or accessories to those crimes.  loyalty is not at stake here; loyalty is defending values and principles, not some sort of criminal complicity that is not in line with the training of these men.  this seems to me to be particularly serious because this transfer implies maintaining the cni under the orders of the man responsible for the crimes committed all these years, the dictator himself. (end recording)    these have been answers given by jaime inzunza, united left and communist party of chile leader, to questions put to him over the phone by "escucha chile," a radio moscow international program.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(112, 119, ' torture, disappearances, and assass', 2.0774810314178467), (112, 115, ' torture, disappear', 0.17727744579315186), (112, 120, ' torture, disappearances, and assassinations', -0.45863282680511475)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the most pressing demands of the chilean people have been brought up in the electoral campaign.  one of the most important achievements of this campaign has been the combining of the campaign with the just economic, political, and social demands that the democratic forces and the popular movement have been making for these 16 years of dictatorship.  these demands are related to the struggle against repression, the defense of human rights, the denunciation of crimes committed by the regime, and efforts to fight immunity and the suppression of the truth regarding torture, disappearances, and assassinations. these questions have once again come into the spotlight now that many rightist candidates are demagogically attempting to pose as defenders of human rights and since el mercurio has reported that the dictator is planning to convert the cni (national information center) into an agency of the army so that the main repressive body from all these years can be under his direct control.  jaime inzunza, leader of the united left and the communist party of chile, discusses these topics over a direct phone line from santiago, chile.    (begin recording) (announcer) how are the chilean people\'s demands connected to the ongoing electoral campaign?    (inzunza) they are connected through the democratization of the neighborhood boards during the electoral process; the strengthening of the unified actions of workers; the development of the committees for victory, which will also be committees for the defense of victory and committees for carrying on the democratic task; the development of confidence; the struggle for human rights, particularly concerning truth and justice and immunity for crimes; the increasing pressure by the immense majority of the population for the release of all political prisoners; and naturally for the dissolution of the cni. all of these questions are being brought up in the electoral campaign, and agreements have been reached within social organizations.  this was evidenced a week ago by the salvadora strike and by the current strike by coal miners.  this proves that the people have understood that the electoral campaign has to be an expression of their activities and a way to strengthen their social organizations for the future struggle. (end recording)    the preceding comments were made by communist party of chile leader jaime inzunza, who has been interviewed over the telephone on our program "escucha chile."  another topic discussed by inzunza was the el mercurio report on the cni\'s transfer to the army.  the dissolution of the cni has become one of the most pressing demands of the immense majority of chileans.    (begin recording) (announcer) what is your opinion, jaime inzunza, on the dictator\'s intention to maintain the cni as it is and to keep it under his direct command?    (inzunza) i believe that this issue is particularly serious.  the intention is to maintain intact the main terrorist apparatus of the dictatorship, which has been responsible for the most flagrant violations of human rights throughout the years of its existence.  i understand that the dina (national intelligence directorate, replaced by cni) and the cni have been in fact a single apparatus and therefore the main organs of state terrorrism over the past 15 years.  if transferred to the army, the cni would continue to be under pinochet\'s orders.  under whose orders has it been all these years?  for whom has it been a direct agent all these years?  henceforth it will be under the control of the office of the commander in chief of the army. (end recording)    communist leader jaime inzunza added that pinochet\'s intent in transferring the cni to the army\'s direct command is to make the institution an accomplice in concealing people who have been responsible for crimes and human rights violations.    (begin recording) (inzunza) the idea is to involve the military institution in crimes for which the chilean people knows it was not responsible.  this is clear: what the democratic opposition forces want is to have the culprits behind those crimes and human rights violations prosecuted, not the military institution.  the transfer of the cni to the army is an attempt to make the men in uniform act as accomplices or accessories to those crimes.  loyalty is not at stake here; loyalty is defending values and principles, not some sort of criminal complicity that is not in line with the training of these men.  this seems to me to be particularly serious because this transfer implies maintaining the cni under the orders of the man responsible for the crimes committed all these years, the dictator himself. (end recording)    these have been answers given by jaime inzunza, united left and communist party of chile leader, to questions put to him over the phone by "escucha chile," a radio moscow international program.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(112, 119, ' torture, disappearances, and assass', 8.549598693847656), (112, 120, ' torture, disappearances, and assassinations', 5.235572338104248), (112, 115, ' torture, disappear', 3.7974865436553955)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>guatemalan archbishop prospero penados del barrio today reported the kidnapping of a nun, diana mack ortiz, 20 years old, born in the state of colorado in the united states of america.    the archbishop also reported that another u.s. nun, patricia denny, left guatemala 17 days ago because of continuous death threats over the telephone and in writing.    penados said diana mack ortiz was kidnapped on 2 november in antigua guatemala, 45 km south of guatemala city, when she was attending a seminar along with other nuns.  the archbishop explained the nun had been receiving death threats.  she had been urged to leave guatemala, but she decided to continue working in this country.    the kidnapped nun, who had been in guatemala for a year, was teaching at the san miguel acatan elementary school in huehuetenango department in northeast guatemala.  she belongs to the order of the ursilina, penados reported.    patricia denny, 54, left guatemala after unidentified men warned her that if she wished to continue living she had to leave the country.  denny had arrived in guatemala in 1984, belonged to the sisters of mary knoll, and was working at a parish in mixco municipality in southern guatemala city.    the archbishop said all this is the "beginning of a campaign to intimidate the catholic church."  he did not mention which groups are perpetrating these intimidation actions.  however, penados said he is going to talk to guatemalan president vinicio cerezo today to report the incidents with the u.s. nuns.    penados stated that this kind of action "harmed catholicism very much in past years," when repression severely hit this sector.  he pointed out that this kind of incident had not happened since president cerezo took over power in guatemala on 14 january 1986.    the archbishop demanded that mack ortiz\' kidnappers respect her life and physical integrity.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(380, 380, '', 9.960700988769531), (380, 381, ' nuns', 2.945765972137451), (376, 380, ' u.s.', 9.598220825195312)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>guatemalan archbishop prospero penados del barrio today reported the kidnapping of a nun, diana mack ortiz, 20 years old, born in the state of colorado in the united states of america.    the archbishop also reported that another u.s. nun, patricia denny, left guatemala 17 days ago because of continuous death threats over the telephone and in writing.    penados said diana mack ortiz was kidnapped on 2 november in antigua guatemala, 45 km south of guatemala city, when she was attending a seminar along with other nuns.  the archbishop explained the nun had been receiving death threats.  she had been urged to leave guatemala, but she decided to continue working in this country.    the kidnapped nun, who had been in guatemala for a year, was teaching at the san miguel acatan elementary school in huehuetenango department in northeast guatemala.  she belongs to the order of the ursilina, penados reported.    patricia denny, 54, left guatemala after unidentified men warned her that if she wished to continue living she had to leave the country.  denny had arrived in guatemala in 1984, belonged to the sisters of mary knoll, and was working at a parish in mixco municipality in southern guatemala city.    the archbishop said all this is the "beginning of a campaign to intimidate the catholic church."  he did not mention which groups are perpetrating these intimidation actions.  however, penados said he is going to talk to guatemalan president vinicio cerezo today to report the incidents with the u.s. nuns.    penados stated that this kind of action "harmed catholicism very much in past years," when repression severely hit this sector.  he pointed out that this kind of incident had not happened since president cerezo took over power in guatemala on 14 january 1986.    the archbishop demanded that mack ortiz\' kidnappers respect her life and physical integrity.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(376, 380, ' u.s.', 11.141071319580078), (376, 379, ' u.s', 4.653069019317627), (376, 381, ' u.s. nuns', 4.262224197387695)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>guatemalan archbishop prospero penados del barrio today reported the kidnapping of a nun, diana mack ortiz, 20 years old, born in the state of colorado in the united states of america.    the archbishop also reported that another u.s. nun, patricia denny, left guatemala 17 days ago because of continuous death threats over the telephone and in writing.    penados said diana mack ortiz was kidnapped on 2 november in antigua guatemala, 45 km south of guatemala city, when she was attending a seminar along with other nuns.  the archbishop explained the nun had been receiving death threats.  she had been urged to leave guatemala, but she decided to continue working in this country.    the kidnapped nun, who had been in guatemala for a year, was teaching at the san miguel acatan elementary school in huehuetenango department in northeast guatemala.  she belongs to the order of the ursilina, penados reported.    patricia denny, 54, left guatemala after unidentified men warned her that if she wished to continue living she had to leave the country.  denny had arrived in guatemala in 1984, belonged to the sisters of mary knoll, and was working at a parish in mixco municipality in southern guatemala city.    the archbishop said all this is the "beginning of a campaign to intimidate the catholic church."  he did not mention which groups are perpetrating these intimidation actions.  however, penados said he is going to talk to guatemalan president vinicio cerezo today to report the incidents with the u.s. nuns.    penados stated that this kind of action "harmed catholicism very much in past years," when repression severely hit this sector.  he pointed out that this kind of incident had not happened since president cerezo took over power in guatemala on 14 january 1986.    the archbishop demanded that mack ortiz\' kidnappers respect her life and physical integrity.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(375, 379, ' u.s.', 1.5007226467132568), (375, 380, ' u.s. nuns', -4.225664138793945), (379, 379, '', 1.0900177955627441)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>guatemalan archbishop prospero penados del barrio today reported the kidnapping of a nun, diana mack ortiz, 20 years old, born in the state of colorado in the united states of america.    the archbishop also reported that another u.s. nun, patricia denny, left guatemala 17 days ago because of continuous death threats over the telephone and in writing.    penados said diana mack ortiz was kidnapped on 2 november in antigua guatemala, 45 km south of guatemala city, when she was attending a seminar along with other nuns.  the archbishop explained the nun had been receiving death threats.  she had been urged to leave guatemala, but she decided to continue working in this country.    the kidnapped nun, who had been in guatemala for a year, was teaching at the san miguel acatan elementary school in huehuetenango department in northeast guatemala.  she belongs to the order of the ursilina, penados reported.    patricia denny, 54, left guatemala after unidentified men warned her that if she wished to continue living she had to leave the country.  denny had arrived in guatemala in 1984, belonged to the sisters of mary knoll, and was working at a parish in mixco municipality in southern guatemala city.    the archbishop said all this is the "beginning of a campaign to intimidate the catholic church."  he did not mention which groups are perpetrating these intimidation actions.  however, penados said he is going to talk to guatemalan president vinicio cerezo today to report the incidents with the u.s. nuns.    penados stated that this kind of action "harmed catholicism very much in past years," when repression severely hit this sector.  he pointed out that this kind of incident had not happened since president cerezo took over power in guatemala on 14 january 1986.    the archbishop demanded that mack ortiz\' kidnappers respect her life and physical integrity.</s>', 'start_gold': 98, 'end_gold': 115, 'gold': '  penados said diana mack ortiz was kidnapped on 2 nove', 'candidates': [(379, 379, '', 7.295677661895752), (379, 380, ' nuns', 0.22975540161132812), (375, 379, ' u.s.', 6.612639427185059)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>guatemalan archbishop prospero penados del barrio today reported the kidnapping of a nun, diana mack ortiz, 20 years old, born in the state of colorado in the united states of america.    the archbishop also reported that another u.s. nun, patricia denny, left guatemala 17 days ago because of continuous death threats over the telephone and in writing.    penados said diana mack ortiz was kidnapped on 2 november in antigua guatemala, 45 km south of guatemala city, when she was attending a seminar along with other nuns.  the archbishop explained the nun had been receiving death threats.  she had been urged to leave guatemala, but she decided to continue working in this country.    the kidnapped nun, who had been in guatemala for a year, was teaching at the san miguel acatan elementary school in huehuetenango department in northeast guatemala.  she belongs to the order of the ursilina, penados reported.    patricia denny, 54, left guatemala after unidentified men warned her that if she wished to continue living she had to leave the country.  denny had arrived in guatemala in 1984, belonged to the sisters of mary knoll, and was working at a parish in mixco municipality in southern guatemala city.    the archbishop said all this is the "beginning of a campaign to intimidate the catholic church."  he did not mention which groups are perpetrating these intimidation actions.  however, penados said he is going to talk to guatemalan president vinicio cerezo today to report the incidents with the u.s. nuns.    penados stated that this kind of action "harmed catholicism very much in past years," when repression severely hit this sector.  he pointed out that this kind of incident had not happened since president cerezo took over power in guatemala on 14 january 1986.    the archbishop demanded that mack ortiz\' kidnappers respect her life and physical integrity.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(375, 379, ' u.s.', 10.573934555053711), (375, 380, ' u.s. nuns', 3.7045741081237793), (375, 378, ' u.s', 3.6196107864379883)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the governments of chile and el salvador have signed a joint declaration in which they recognize that the market economy principles are the main force of development.    the declaration was signed by foreign minister hernan felipe errazuriz and by salvadoran foreign minister manuel pacas, who today concluded an official visit to chile. the joint communique reasserts both countries' commitment to the growing liberation of international trade and it rejects the obstacles that hinder exchange. the document likewise expresses the concern of chile and el salvador over terrorist acitivity in latin america and foreign support to subversive groups. the two countries agree that both activities hinder democracy and economic development.    after signing the joint declaration, the salvadoran foreign minister gave a news conference in which he regretted the fact that the guerrilla abandoned the talks sponsored by president cristiani. pacas said that this attitude demonstrates that the extremists do not want peace in el salvador.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(196, 196, '', -1.192297101020813), (196, 205, ' extremists do not want peace in el salvador', -3.4033169746398926), (196, 204, ' extremists do not want peace in el salv', -4.860229969024658)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the governments of chile and el salvador have signed a joint declaration in which they recognize that the market economy principles are the main force of development.    the declaration was signed by foreign minister hernan felipe errazuriz and by salvadoran foreign minister manuel pacas, who today concluded an official visit to chile. the joint communique reasserts both countries' commitment to the growing liberation of international trade and it rejects the obstacles that hinder exchange. the document likewise expresses the concern of chile and el salvador over terrorist acitivity in latin america and foreign support to subversive groups. the two countries agree that both activities hinder democracy and economic development.    after signing the joint declaration, the salvadoran foreign minister gave a news conference in which he regretted the fact that the guerrilla abandoned the talks sponsored by president cristiani. pacas said that this attitude demonstrates that the extremists do not want peace in el salvador.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(133, 134, ' subversive', 8.130786895751953), (133, 133, '', 5.3523054122924805), (133, 135, ' subversive groups', 4.875779628753662)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the governments of chile and el salvador have signed a joint declaration in which they recognize that the market economy principles are the main force of development.    the declaration was signed by foreign minister hernan felipe errazuriz and by salvadoran foreign minister manuel pacas, who today concluded an official visit to chile. the joint communique reasserts both countries' commitment to the growing liberation of international trade and it rejects the obstacles that hinder exchange. the document likewise expresses the concern of chile and el salvador over terrorist acitivity in latin america and foreign support to subversive groups. the two countries agree that both activities hinder democracy and economic development.    after signing the joint declaration, the salvadoran foreign minister gave a news conference in which he regretted the fact that the guerrilla abandoned the talks sponsored by president cristiani. pacas said that this attitude demonstrates that the extremists do not want peace in el salvador.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(132, 133, ' subversive', 4.795712947845459), (132, 134, ' subversive groups', 2.361436605453491), (132, 146, ' subversive groups. the two countries agree that both activities hinder democracy and economic', -1.5202974081039429)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the governments of chile and el salvador have signed a joint declaration in which they recognize that the market economy principles are the main force of development.    the declaration was signed by foreign minister hernan felipe errazuriz and by salvadoran foreign minister manuel pacas, who today concluded an official visit to chile. the joint communique reasserts both countries' commitment to the growing liberation of international trade and it rejects the obstacles that hinder exchange. the document likewise expresses the concern of chile and el salvador over terrorist acitivity in latin america and foreign support to subversive groups. the two countries agree that both activities hinder democracy and economic development.    after signing the joint declaration, the salvadoran foreign minister gave a news conference in which he regretted the fact that the guerrilla abandoned the talks sponsored by president cristiani. pacas said that this attitude demonstrates that the extremists do not want peace in el salvador.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(129, 133, ' foreign support to subversive', -1.5402541160583496), (129, 134, ' foreign support to subversive groups', -3.798560380935669), (129, 146, ' foreign support to subversive groups. the two countries agree that both activities hinder democracy and economic', -6.224713325500488)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the governments of chile and el salvador have signed a joint declaration in which they recognize that the market economy principles are the main force of development.    the declaration was signed by foreign minister hernan felipe errazuriz and by salvadoran foreign minister manuel pacas, who today concluded an official visit to chile. the joint communique reasserts both countries' commitment to the growing liberation of international trade and it rejects the obstacles that hinder exchange. the document likewise expresses the concern of chile and el salvador over terrorist acitivity in latin america and foreign support to subversive groups. the two countries agree that both activities hinder democracy and economic development.    after signing the joint declaration, the salvadoran foreign minister gave a news conference in which he regretted the fact that the guerrilla abandoned the talks sponsored by president cristiani. pacas said that this attitude demonstrates that the extremists do not want peace in el salvador.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(129, 133, ' foreign support to subversive', -1.6902649402618408), (129, 134, ' foreign support to subversive groups', -4.7830095291137695), (129, 130, ' foreign', -5.870293140411377)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>on 5 november, radio venceremos reports that guerrillas have carried out 2 ambushes along the panamerican highway, inflicting 26 army casualties.  the report indicated that at 0600 on 4 november, the rebels placed a bomb on a light tank near flores de tepeyac, apastepeque.  it is estimated that the action resulted in 9 casualties; the light tank was completely destroyed.  the second ambush occurred at 0815 on 4 november.  the rebels ambushed a 10-vehicle military convoy and left at least 17 casualties.  some time after the rebel action, the army directed mortar fire to the area and the air force leveled machinegun fire upon this populated zone. traffic on the panamerican highway was paralyzed while the armed forces evacuated the many casualties from the area in helicopters.    a later report told of urban commandos attacking a treasury police unit at 5th avenue and 5th poniente street in san salvador, resulting in 2 casualties to the treasury police.    also, rebel units were said to attack military detachment no 1 commandos on the outskirts of totonique, chalatenango department during the afternoon of 3 november, inflicting two casualties.    in another item, the central anastacio aquino front was reported to claim taking part in actions against the belloso battalion.  fmln rebels clashed with soldiers in canton coyolito in tecoluca jurisdiction, san vicente department at 0900 on 3 november, and inflicted three casualties.  that same day, the same unit was attacked in finca sajelio and the guerrillas claimed to have inflicted 2 more casualties.  the same troops were said to suffer 2 more casualties in a mined area on 4 november.    an fmln unit was also said to have seized the town of los hernandez in canton matasano, cabanas department on 4 november. four pylons were blown up, interrupting a 46,000-volt electrical line.    radio venceremos on 6 november carries its weekly military report:    "during the past week, radio venceremos reported inflicting many casualties on the armed forces.  the total number of casualties inflicted on the armed forces was 124, including an arce battalion officer who was hit in (word indistinct).  fmln forces ambushed five military convoys along different highways throughout the country. during the week, two paramilitary members were captured.  the fmln respected the lives of these men and released them immediately, but confiscated their 3 rifles and 300 cartridges.  we highlight the attack by our urban commandos on command staff installations.  this attack took place in a san salvador that is totally militarized, nevertheless, we managed to hit the top death squads members\' central nerve.  guerrilla actions in the metapan area increased during the week and our men ambushed soldiers along the santa ana-metapan road several times.  in chalatenango, our men carried out continuous actions against 4th infantry brigade troops in el refugio and other places in san ignacio.  we have already amply reported heavy clashes against paramilitary groups in san francisco canton, cabanas department, where we captured the aforementioned prisoners and confiscated their weapons.  we carried out important ambush operations against military troops trying to transit the panamerican and coastal highways in san vicente and la paz departments.  we also met the belloso battalion troops and caused their first casualties."    the station also reported that guerrillas attacked a section of the soriano battalion in finca las mercedes and inflicted three casualties on the 1st infantry brigade troops, including a radio operator.  an m-16 rifle was confiscated from the soldiers.    rebel unit was said to have ambushed a military convoy along the coastal road near san cristobal in the tecoluca jurisdiction, san vicente department at noon of 5 november.  our men confirm having inflicted 6 army casualties.</s>', 'start_gold': 864, 'end_gold': 876, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(58, 66, ' the rebels placed a bomb on a light', 1.4108552932739258), (58, 59, ' the', 1.2527167797088623), (58, 79, ' the rebels placed a bomb on a light tank near flores de tepeyac, apastepe', 0.6783524751663208)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>on 5 november, radio venceremos reports that guerrillas have carried out 2 ambushes along the panamerican highway, inflicting 26 army casualties.  the report indicated that at 0600 on 4 november, the rebels placed a bomb on a light tank near flores de tepeyac, apastepeque.  it is estimated that the action resulted in 9 casualties; the light tank was completely destroyed.  the second ambush occurred at 0815 on 4 november.  the rebels ambushed a 10-vehicle military convoy and left at least 17 casualties.  some time after the rebel action, the army directed mortar fire to the area and the air force leveled machinegun fire upon this populated zone. traffic on the panamerican highway was paralyzed while the armed forces evacuated the many casualties from the area in helicopters.    a later report told of urban commandos attacking a treasury police unit at 5th avenue and 5th poniente street in san salvador, resulting in 2 casualties to the treasury police.    also, rebel units were said to attack military detachment no 1 commandos on the outskirts of totonique, chalatenango department during the afternoon of 3 november, inflicting two casualties.    in another item, the central anastacio aquino front was reported to claim taking part in actions against the belloso battalion.  fmln rebels clashed with soldiers in canton coyolito in tecoluca jurisdiction, san vicente department at 0900 on 3 november, and inflicted three casualties.  that same day, the same unit was attacked in finca sajelio and the guerrillas claimed to have inflicted 2 more casualties.  the same troops were said to suffer 2 more casualties in a mined area on 4 november.    an fmln unit was also said to have seized the town of los hernandez in canton matasano, cabanas department on 4 november. four pylons were blown up, interrupting a 46,000-volt electrical line.    radio venceremos on 6 november carries its weekly military report:    "during the past week, radio venceremos reported inflicting many casualties on the armed forces.  the total number of casualties inflicted on the armed forces was 124, including an arce battalion officer who was hit in (word indistinct).  fmln forces ambushed five military convoys along different highways throughout the country. during the week, two paramilitary members were captured.  the fmln respected the lives of these men and released them immediately, but confiscated their 3 rifles and 300 cartridges.  we highlight the attack by our urban commandos on command staff installations.  this attack took place in a san salvador that is totally militarized, nevertheless, we managed to hit the top death squads members\' central nerve.  guerrilla actions in the metapan area increased during the week and our men ambushed soldiers along the santa ana-metapan road several times.  in chalatenango, our men carried out continuous actions against 4th infantry brigade troops in el refugio and other places in san ignacio.  we have already amply reported heavy clashes against paramilitary groups in san francisco canton, cabanas department, where we captured the aforementioned prisoners and confiscated their weapons.  we carried out important ambush operations against military troops trying to transit the panamerican and coastal highways in san vicente and la paz departments.  we also met the belloso battalion troops and caused their first casualties."    the station also reported that guerrillas attacked a section of the soriano battalion in finca las mercedes and inflicted three casualties on the 1st infantry brigade troops, including a radio operator.  an m-16 rifle was confiscated from the soldiers.    rebel unit was said to have ambushed a military convoy along the coastal road near san cristobal in the tecoluca jurisdiction, san vicente department at noon of 5 november.  our men confirm having inflicted 6 army casualties.</s>', 'start_gold': 138, 'end_gold': 151, 'gold': ' rebel action, the army directed mortar fire to the area and the', 'candidates': [(59, 59, '', 1.5979530811309814), (59, 66, ' rebels placed a bomb on a light', 1.4369152784347534), (59, 79, ' rebels placed a bomb on a light tank near flores de tepeyac, apastepe', 0.6589314341545105)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>on 5 november, radio venceremos reports that guerrillas have carried out 2 ambushes along the panamerican highway, inflicting 26 army casualties.  the report indicated that at 0600 on 4 november, the rebels placed a bomb on a light tank near flores de tepeyac, apastepeque.  it is estimated that the action resulted in 9 casualties; the light tank was completely destroyed.  the second ambush occurred at 0815 on 4 november.  the rebels ambushed a 10-vehicle military convoy and left at least 17 casualties.  some time after the rebel action, the army directed mortar fire to the area and the air force leveled machinegun fire upon this populated zone. traffic on the panamerican highway was paralyzed while the armed forces evacuated the many casualties from the area in helicopters.    a later report told of urban commandos attacking a treasury police unit at 5th avenue and 5th poniente street in san salvador, resulting in 2 casualties to the treasury police.    also, rebel units were said to attack military detachment no 1 commandos on the outskirts of totonique, chalatenango department during the afternoon of 3 november, inflicting two casualties.    in another item, the central anastacio aquino front was reported to claim taking part in actions against the belloso battalion.  fmln rebels clashed with soldiers in canton coyolito in tecoluca jurisdiction, san vicente department at 0900 on 3 november, and inflicted three casualties.  that same day, the same unit was attacked in finca sajelio and the guerrillas claimed to have inflicted 2 more casualties.  the same troops were said to suffer 2 more casualties in a mined area on 4 november.    an fmln unit was also said to have seized the town of los hernandez in canton matasano, cabanas department on 4 november. four pylons were blown up, interrupting a 46,000-volt electrical line.    radio venceremos on 6 november carries its weekly military report:    "during the past week, radio venceremos reported inflicting many casualties on the armed forces.  the total number of casualties inflicted on the armed forces was 124, including an arce battalion officer who was hit in (word indistinct).  fmln forces ambushed five military convoys along different highways throughout the country. during the week, two paramilitary members were captured.  the fmln respected the lives of these men and released them immediately, but confiscated their 3 rifles and 300 cartridges.  we highlight the attack by our urban commandos on command staff installations.  this attack took place in a san salvador that is totally militarized, nevertheless, we managed to hit the top death squads members\' central nerve.  guerrilla actions in the metapan area increased during the week and our men ambushed soldiers along the santa ana-metapan road several times.  in chalatenango, our men carried out continuous actions against 4th infantry brigade troops in el refugio and other places in san ignacio.  we have already amply reported heavy clashes against paramilitary groups in san francisco canton, cabanas department, where we captured the aforementioned prisoners and confiscated their weapons.  we carried out important ambush operations against military troops trying to transit the panamerican and coastal highways in san vicente and la paz departments.  we also met the belloso battalion troops and caused their first casualties."    the station also reported that guerrillas attacked a section of the soriano battalion in finca las mercedes and inflicted three casualties on the 1st infantry brigade troops, including a radio operator.  an m-16 rifle was confiscated from the soldiers.    rebel unit was said to have ambushed a military convoy along the coastal road near san cristobal in the tecoluca jurisdiction, san vicente department at noon of 5 november.  our men confirm having inflicted 6 army casualties.</s>', 'start_gold': 1796, 'end_gold': 1809, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(58, 58, '', -4.103728294372559), (58, 65, ' rebels placed a bomb on a light', -4.3828020095825195), (58, 78, ' rebels placed a bomb on a light tank near flores de tepeyac, apastepe', -5.058750629425049)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>on 5 november, radio venceremos reports that guerrillas have carried out 2 ambushes along the panamerican highway, inflicting 26 army casualties.  the report indicated that at 0600 on 4 november, the rebels placed a bomb on a light tank near flores de tepeyac, apastepeque.  it is estimated that the action resulted in 9 casualties; the light tank was completely destroyed.  the second ambush occurred at 0815 on 4 november.  the rebels ambushed a 10-vehicle military convoy and left at least 17 casualties.  some time after the rebel action, the army directed mortar fire to the area and the air force leveled machinegun fire upon this populated zone. traffic on the panamerican highway was paralyzed while the armed forces evacuated the many casualties from the area in helicopters.    a later report told of urban commandos attacking a treasury police unit at 5th avenue and 5th poniente street in san salvador, resulting in 2 casualties to the treasury police.    also, rebel units were said to attack military detachment no 1 commandos on the outskirts of totonique, chalatenango department during the afternoon of 3 november, inflicting two casualties.    in another item, the central anastacio aquino front was reported to claim taking part in actions against the belloso battalion.  fmln rebels clashed with soldiers in canton coyolito in tecoluca jurisdiction, san vicente department at 0900 on 3 november, and inflicted three casualties.  that same day, the same unit was attacked in finca sajelio and the guerrillas claimed to have inflicted 2 more casualties.  the same troops were said to suffer 2 more casualties in a mined area on 4 november.    an fmln unit was also said to have seized the town of los hernandez in canton matasano, cabanas department on 4 november. four pylons were blown up, interrupting a 46,000-volt electrical line.    radio venceremos on 6 november carries its weekly military report:    "during the past week, radio venceremos reported inflicting many casualties on the armed forces.  the total number of casualties inflicted on the armed forces was 124, including an arce battalion officer who was hit in (word indistinct).  fmln forces ambushed five military convoys along different highways throughout the country. during the week, two paramilitary members were captured.  the fmln respected the lives of these men and released them immediately, but confiscated their 3 rifles and 300 cartridges.  we highlight the attack by our urban commandos on command staff installations.  this attack took place in a san salvador that is totally militarized, nevertheless, we managed to hit the top death squads members\' central nerve.  guerrilla actions in the metapan area increased during the week and our men ambushed soldiers along the santa ana-metapan road several times.  in chalatenango, our men carried out continuous actions against 4th infantry brigade troops in el refugio and other places in san ignacio.  we have already amply reported heavy clashes against paramilitary groups in san francisco canton, cabanas department, where we captured the aforementioned prisoners and confiscated their weapons.  we carried out important ambush operations against military troops trying to transit the panamerican and coastal highways in san vicente and la paz departments.  we also met the belloso battalion troops and caused their first casualties."    the station also reported that guerrillas attacked a section of the soriano battalion in finca las mercedes and inflicted three casualties on the 1st infantry brigade troops, including a radio operator.  an m-16 rifle was confiscated from the soldiers.    rebel unit was said to have ambushed a military convoy along the coastal road near san cristobal in the tecoluca jurisdiction, san vicente department at noon of 5 november.  our men confirm having inflicted 6 army casualties.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(537, 541, ' two paramilitary members were', -3.895289897918701), (537, 542, ' two paramilitary members were captured', -4.650940895080566), (537, 539, ' two paramilitary', -5.583180904388428)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>on 5 november, radio venceremos reports that guerrillas have carried out 2 ambushes along the panamerican highway, inflicting 26 army casualties.  the report indicated that at 0600 on 4 november, the rebels placed a bomb on a light tank near flores de tepeyac, apastepeque.  it is estimated that the action resulted in 9 casualties; the light tank was completely destroyed.  the second ambush occurred at 0815 on 4 november.  the rebels ambushed a 10-vehicle military convoy and left at least 17 casualties.  some time after the rebel action, the army directed mortar fire to the area and the air force leveled machinegun fire upon this populated zone. traffic on the panamerican highway was paralyzed while the armed forces evacuated the many casualties from the area in helicopters.    a later report told of urban commandos attacking a treasury police unit at 5th avenue and 5th poniente street in san salvador, resulting in 2 casualties to the treasury police.    also, rebel units were said to attack military detachment no 1 commandos on the outskirts of totonique, chalatenango department during the afternoon of 3 november, inflicting two casualties.    in another item, the central anastacio aquino front was reported to claim taking part in actions against the belloso battalion.  fmln rebels clashed with soldiers in canton coyolito in tecoluca jurisdiction, san vicente department at 0900 on 3 november, and inflicted three casualties.  that same day, the same unit was attacked in finca sajelio and the guerrillas claimed to have inflicted 2 more casualties.  the same troops were said to suffer 2 more casualties in a mined area on 4 november.    an fmln unit was also said to have seized the town of los hernandez in canton matasano, cabanas department on 4 november. four pylons were blown up, interrupting a 46,000-volt electrical line.    radio venceremos on 6 november carries its weekly military report:    "during the past week, radio venceremos reported inflicting many casualties on the armed forces.  the total number of casualties inflicted on the armed forces was 124, including an arce battalion officer who was hit in (word indistinct).  fmln forces ambushed five military convoys along different highways throughout the country. during the week, two paramilitary members were captured.  the fmln respected the lives of these men and released them immediately, but confiscated their 3 rifles and 300 cartridges.  we highlight the attack by our urban commandos on command staff installations.  this attack took place in a san salvador that is totally militarized, nevertheless, we managed to hit the top death squads members\' central nerve.  guerrilla actions in the metapan area increased during the week and our men ambushed soldiers along the santa ana-metapan road several times.  in chalatenango, our men carried out continuous actions against 4th infantry brigade troops in el refugio and other places in san ignacio.  we have already amply reported heavy clashes against paramilitary groups in san francisco canton, cabanas department, where we captured the aforementioned prisoners and confiscated their weapons.  we carried out important ambush operations against military troops trying to transit the panamerican and coastal highways in san vicente and la paz departments.  we also met the belloso battalion troops and caused their first casualties."    the station also reported that guerrillas attacked a section of the soriano battalion in finca las mercedes and inflicted three casualties on the 1st infantry brigade troops, including a radio operator.  an m-16 rifle was confiscated from the soldiers.    rebel unit was said to have ambushed a military convoy along the coastal road near san cristobal in the tecoluca jurisdiction, san vicente department at noon of 5 november.  our men confirm having inflicted 6 army casualties.</s>', 'start_gold': 569, 'end_gold': 581, 'gold': ' we highlight the attack by our urban commandos on command staff', 'candidates': [(58, 58, '', -5.122936248779297), (58, 65, ' rebels placed a bomb on a light', -5.705732345581055), (115, 115, '', -4.852062225341797)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>justice minister roberto salazar will try to secure u.s. aid to be used for protecting colombian justices.  yesterday, the minister unexpectedly traveled to new york, where he will meet with u.s. officials and try to speed up the delivery of aid which the united states had promised to former colombian justice minister monica de greiff.    minister salazar will return home this week to find a definitive solution to the strike declared by justice branch employees as a result of the murder of a medellin judge and of two justice ministry employees in valle del cauca.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(114, 126, ' murder of a medellin judge and of two justice ministry', -1.2672779560089111), (114, 134, ' murder of a medellin judge and of two justice ministry employees in valle del cauca', -3.30826997756958), (114, 133, ' murder of a medellin judge and of two justice ministry employees in valle del cau', -3.5787863731384277)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>justice minister roberto salazar will try to secure u.s. aid to be used for protecting colombian justices.  yesterday, the minister unexpectedly traveled to new york, where he will meet with u.s. officials and try to speed up the delivery of aid which the united states had promised to former colombian justice minister monica de greiff.    minister salazar will return home this week to find a definitive solution to the strike declared by justice branch employees as a result of the murder of a medellin judge and of two justice ministry employees in valle del cauca.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(106, 126, ' justice branch employees as a result of the murder of a medellin judge and of two justice ministry', -2.592031478881836), (106, 108, ' justice branch', -3.143167018890381), (106, 133, ' justice branch employees as a result of the murder of a medellin judge and of two justice ministry employees in valle del cau', -3.88751220703125)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>justice minister roberto salazar will try to secure u.s. aid to be used for protecting colombian justices.  yesterday, the minister unexpectedly traveled to new york, where he will meet with u.s. officials and try to speed up the delivery of aid which the united states had promised to former colombian justice minister monica de greiff.    minister salazar will return home this week to find a definitive solution to the strike declared by justice branch employees as a result of the murder of a medellin judge and of two justice ministry employees in valle del cauca.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(105, 125, ' justice branch employees as a result of the murder of a medellin judge and of two justice ministry', 2.763232707977295), (105, 107, ' justice branch', 2.477308750152588), (105, 133, ' justice branch employees as a result of the murder of a medellin judge and of two justice ministry employees in valle del cauca', -0.16083383560180664)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>justice minister roberto salazar will try to secure u.s. aid to be used for protecting colombian justices.  yesterday, the minister unexpectedly traveled to new york, where he will meet with u.s. officials and try to speed up the delivery of aid which the united states had promised to former colombian justice minister monica de greiff.    minister salazar will return home this week to find a definitive solution to the strike declared by justice branch employees as a result of the murder of a medellin judge and of two justice ministry employees in valle del cauca.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(115, 125, ' a medellin judge and of two justice ministry', 11.978261947631836), (115, 133, ' a medellin judge and of two justice ministry employees in valle del cauca', 8.281146049499512), (115, 132, ' a medellin judge and of two justice ministry employees in valle del cau', 7.622325420379639)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>justice minister roberto salazar will try to secure u.s. aid to be used for protecting colombian justices.  yesterday, the minister unexpectedly traveled to new york, where he will meet with u.s. officials and try to speed up the delivery of aid which the united states had promised to former colombian justice minister monica de greiff.    minister salazar will return home this week to find a definitive solution to the strike declared by justice branch employees as a result of the murder of a medellin judge and of two justice ministry employees in valle del cauca.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(105, 107, ' justice branch', -2.6947696208953857), (105, 125, ' justice branch employees as a result of the murder of a medellin judge and of two justice ministry', -3.9364500045776367), (105, 133, ' justice branch employees as a result of the murder of a medellin judge and of two justice ministry employees in valle del cauca', -4.783082962036133)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the peruvian government today decreed a state of emergency and military control in four lima provinces and extended the measure in another five.  this means all of lima department, with a population of over 6 million people, is under a state of emergency.    this government decision is a result of the terrorist activity in the provinces and an attempt to prevent the boycott of the election which was decreed by the maoist "shining path" organization.    lima department is the largest peruvian department in both population and electoral strength.  it is made up of 10 provinces, including lima province, which contains 90 percent of the population, and the callao port, which is recognized as a constitutional province.    according to the decrees published today, the government is establishing a state of emergency in the provinces of (words indistinct) and canete, while the emergency in effect in barranca, cajatambo, huaura, yauyos, and oyon will be extended another 30 days. lima and el callao provinces have been under military control since 1 november, when the government decreed a state of emergency in the two provinces.    of peru\'s 24 departments, 10 are under a state of emergency.  these areas include andean and jungle territories containing more than 50 percent of peru\'s approximately 22 million people.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(73, 77, ' terrorist activity in the', -5.049522399902344), (73, 73, '', -5.63526725769043), (73, 74, ' terrorist', -5.655763626098633)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the peruvian government today decreed a state of emergency and military control in four lima provinces and extended the measure in another five.  this means all of lima department, with a population of over 6 million people, is under a state of emergency.    this government decision is a result of the terrorist activity in the provinces and an attempt to prevent the boycott of the election which was decreed by the maoist "shining path" organization.    lima department is the largest peruvian department in both population and electoral strength.  it is made up of 10 provinces, including lima province, which contains 90 percent of the population, and the callao port, which is recognized as a constitutional province.    according to the decrees published today, the government is establishing a state of emergency in the provinces of (words indistinct) and canete, while the emergency in effect in barranca, cajatambo, huaura, yauyos, and oyon will be extended another 30 days. lima and el callao provinces have been under military control since 1 november, when the government decreed a state of emergency in the two provinces.    of peru\'s 24 departments, 10 are under a state of emergency.  these areas include andean and jungle territories containing more than 50 percent of peru\'s approximately 22 million people.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(94, 102, ' maoist "shining path"', 5.617822170257568), (94, 101, ' maoist "shining path', 3.9330973625183105), (94, 96, ' mao', 3.4207961559295654)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the peruvian government today decreed a state of emergency and military control in four lima provinces and extended the measure in another five.  this means all of lima department, with a population of over 6 million people, is under a state of emergency.    this government decision is a result of the terrorist activity in the provinces and an attempt to prevent the boycott of the election which was decreed by the maoist "shining path" organization.    lima department is the largest peruvian department in both population and electoral strength.  it is made up of 10 provinces, including lima province, which contains 90 percent of the population, and the callao port, which is recognized as a constitutional province.    according to the decrees published today, the government is establishing a state of emergency in the provinces of (words indistinct) and canete, while the emergency in effect in barranca, cajatambo, huaura, yauyos, and oyon will be extended another 30 days. lima and el callao provinces have been under military control since 1 november, when the government decreed a state of emergency in the two provinces.    of peru\'s 24 departments, 10 are under a state of emergency.  these areas include andean and jungle territories containing more than 50 percent of peru\'s approximately 22 million people.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(72, 76, ' terrorist activity in the', -2.087766408920288), (72, 86, ' terrorist activity in the provinces and an attempt to prevent the boycott of the', -2.5831079483032227), (72, 73, ' terrorist', -4.03538179397583)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the peruvian government today decreed a state of emergency and military control in four lima provinces and extended the measure in another five.  this means all of lima department, with a population of over 6 million people, is under a state of emergency.    this government decision is a result of the terrorist activity in the provinces and an attempt to prevent the boycott of the election which was decreed by the maoist "shining path" organization.    lima department is the largest peruvian department in both population and electoral strength.  it is made up of 10 provinces, including lima province, which contains 90 percent of the population, and the callao port, which is recognized as a constitutional province.    according to the decrees published today, the government is establishing a state of emergency in the provinces of (words indistinct) and canete, while the emergency in effect in barranca, cajatambo, huaura, yauyos, and oyon will be extended another 30 days. lima and el callao provinces have been under military control since 1 november, when the government decreed a state of emergency in the two provinces.    of peru\'s 24 departments, 10 are under a state of emergency.  these areas include andean and jungle territories containing more than 50 percent of peru\'s approximately 22 million people.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(41, 43, ' lima', -5.410823822021484), (41, 60, ' lima department, with a population of over 6 million people, is under a state of emergency', -7.114999771118164), (41, 59, ' lima department, with a population of over 6 million people, is under a state of', -7.298252105712891)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the peruvian government today decreed a state of emergency and military control in four lima provinces and extended the measure in another five.  this means all of lima department, with a population of over 6 million people, is under a state of emergency.    this government decision is a result of the terrorist activity in the provinces and an attempt to prevent the boycott of the election which was decreed by the maoist "shining path" organization.    lima department is the largest peruvian department in both population and electoral strength.  it is made up of 10 provinces, including lima province, which contains 90 percent of the population, and the callao port, which is recognized as a constitutional province.    according to the decrees published today, the government is establishing a state of emergency in the provinces of (words indistinct) and canete, while the emergency in effect in barranca, cajatambo, huaura, yauyos, and oyon will be extended another 30 days. lima and el callao provinces have been under military control since 1 november, when the government decreed a state of emergency in the two provinces.    of peru\'s 24 departments, 10 are under a state of emergency.  these areas include andean and jungle territories containing more than 50 percent of peru\'s approximately 22 million people.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(21, 27, ' military control in four lima', -3.450535297393799), (21, 21, '', -4.090203285217285), (21, 22, ' military', -5.191082000732422)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>we are hearing statements by commander jorge shafik handal, who is talking about col ponce and cristiani's responsibility in the terrorist attack on fenastras.  this incident prompted a visit to our country by u.s. official bernard aronson.  let us hear what commander handal has to say about the u.s.  official's visit.    (begin recording) (handal) of course, the united states does not want to appear as if it were withdrawing support from president cristiani.  we were just saying that aronson had arrived and he looked worried.  the nice looking glass house they had built has rapidly begun to fall apart.  aronson apparently came to see how he could patch things up.  we recall a similar high-level visit back around 1984, if my memory serves me right, when the current u.s. president arrived.  at that time he was vice president under the bush administration, no, the reagan administration, and came to see how to improve the supposedly centrist government and how to put an end to the death squads.  he took a list back with him...(changes thought) let us take a look at how they operate.  when they take any action they are very clear and direct.  they had a political interest in putting all this together, so bush took back with him a list of 15 military members so they could be fired. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 90, 'end_gold': 104, 'gold': '    (begin recording) (handal) of course,', 'candidates': [(28, 34, ' col ponce and crist', 10.394119262695312), (28, 35, ' col ponce and cristiani', 8.631392478942871), (28, 36, " col ponce and cristiani's", 6.175493240356445)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>we are hearing statements by commander jorge shafik handal, who is talking about col ponce and cristiani's responsibility in the terrorist attack on fenastras.  this incident prompted a visit to our country by u.s. official bernard aronson.  let us hear what commander handal has to say about the u.s.  official's visit.    (begin recording) (handal) of course, the united states does not want to appear as if it were withdrawing support from president cristiani.  we were just saying that aronson had arrived and he looked worried.  the nice looking glass house they had built has rapidly begun to fall apart.  aronson apparently came to see how he could patch things up.  we recall a similar high-level visit back around 1984, if my memory serves me right, when the current u.s. president arrived.  at that time he was vice president under the bush administration, no, the reagan administration, and came to see how to improve the supposedly centrist government and how to put an end to the death squads.  he took a list back with him...(changes thought) let us take a look at how they operate.  when they take any action they are very clear and direct.  they had a political interest in putting all this together, so bush took back with him a list of 15 military members so they could be fired. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(28, 34, ' col ponce and crist', 9.626813888549805), (28, 35, ' col ponce and cristiani', 6.694962978363037), (28, 36, " col ponce and cristiani's", 4.032201290130615)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>we are hearing statements by commander jorge shafik handal, who is talking about col ponce and cristiani's responsibility in the terrorist attack on fenastras.  this incident prompted a visit to our country by u.s. official bernard aronson.  let us hear what commander handal has to say about the u.s.  official's visit.    (begin recording) (handal) of course, the united states does not want to appear as if it were withdrawing support from president cristiani.  we were just saying that aronson had arrived and he looked worried.  the nice looking glass house they had built has rapidly begun to fall apart.  aronson apparently came to see how he could patch things up.  we recall a similar high-level visit back around 1984, if my memory serves me right, when the current u.s. president arrived.  at that time he was vice president under the bush administration, no, the reagan administration, and came to see how to improve the supposedly centrist government and how to put an end to the death squads.  he took a list back with him...(changes thought) let us take a look at how they operate.  when they take any action they are very clear and direct.  they had a political interest in putting all this together, so bush took back with him a list of 15 military members so they could be fired. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 157, 'end_gold': 170, 'gold': ' apparently came to see how he could patch things up.  we', 'candidates': [(41, 44, ' fenast', 10.506317138671875), (41, 45, ' fenastras', 6.240102767944336), (41, 66, ' fenastras.  this incident prompted a visit to our country by u.s. official bernard aronson', 6.084405899047852)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>we are hearing statements by commander jorge shafik handal, who is talking about col ponce and cristiani's responsibility in the terrorist attack on fenastras.  this incident prompted a visit to our country by u.s. official bernard aronson.  let us hear what commander handal has to say about the u.s.  official's visit.    (begin recording) (handal) of course, the united states does not want to appear as if it were withdrawing support from president cristiani.  we were just saying that aronson had arrived and he looked worried.  the nice looking glass house they had built has rapidly begun to fall apart.  aronson apparently came to see how he could patch things up.  we recall a similar high-level visit back around 1984, if my memory serves me right, when the current u.s. president arrived.  at that time he was vice president under the bush administration, no, the reagan administration, and came to see how to improve the supposedly centrist government and how to put an end to the death squads.  he took a list back with him...(changes thought) let us take a look at how they operate.  when they take any action they are very clear and direct.  they had a political interest in putting all this together, so bush took back with him a list of 15 military members so they could be fired. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 157, 'end_gold': 170, 'gold': ' apparently came to see how he could patch things up.  we', 'candidates': [(41, 44, ' fenast', 12.173811912536621), (41, 45, ' fenastras', 8.002847671508789), (41, 66, ' fenastras.  this incident prompted a visit to our country by u.s. official bernard aronson', 7.889167785644531)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>we are hearing statements by commander jorge shafik handal, who is talking about col ponce and cristiani's responsibility in the terrorist attack on fenastras.  this incident prompted a visit to our country by u.s. official bernard aronson.  let us hear what commander handal has to say about the u.s.  official's visit.    (begin recording) (handal) of course, the united states does not want to appear as if it were withdrawing support from president cristiani.  we were just saying that aronson had arrived and he looked worried.  the nice looking glass house they had built has rapidly begun to fall apart.  aronson apparently came to see how he could patch things up.  we recall a similar high-level visit back around 1984, if my memory serves me right, when the current u.s. president arrived.  at that time he was vice president under the bush administration, no, the reagan administration, and came to see how to improve the supposedly centrist government and how to put an end to the death squads.  he took a list back with him...(changes thought) let us take a look at how they operate.  when they take any action they are very clear and direct.  they had a political interest in putting all this together, so bush took back with him a list of 15 military members so they could be fired. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(269, 274, ' they are very clear and', 0.4148962199687958), (269, 299, ' they are very clear and direct.  they had a political interest in putting all this together, so bush took back with him a list of 15 military', -0.24898827075958252), (269, 275, ' they are very clear and direct', -2.3072729110717773)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>salvadoran people: good morning.  i am speaking on behalf of the salvadoran armed forces that is on its feet at 0115 on 12 november, confronting a treacherous attack by the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) terrorists who at 2000 on 11 november--displaying their warmongering strategy and without caring about the suffering of the salvadoran people--carried out treacherous actions in which the civilian population were the only ones who have suffered.    the military and public security personnel have reacted in an efficient manner in rejecting the terrorist enemy. we are obligated to report to the salvadoran people what has happened. the most important actions that have taken place on the night of 11 november are as follows: an attack on the residence of the legislative assembly president, who is unharmed; and an attack on the central elections council where no material damage or casualties occurred.  likewise, there was an attack on the presidential residence which caused slight material damage and no casualties. fortunately for all salvadorans, the president of the republic is under full protection and he was never in any danger. likewise, we report that there was an attack on his private residence.    we also want to report to the salvadoran people that some military personnel were harassed, such as the 1st infantry brigade, the national police garrison in the zacamil neighborhood, and the 6th infantry brigade in usulutan city where one minor was injured.  there was also harassment of the 3d infantry brigade with headquarters in san miguel. there was no material damage and there were no casualties. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 231, 'end_gold': 244, 'gold': ' of the republic is under full protection and he was never in any', 'candidates': [(65, 65, '', 7.0090651512146), (65, 73, ' terrorists who at 2000 on 11 nove', 2.031191825866699), (65, 66, ' terrorists', 1.3007619380950928)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>salvadoran people: good morning.  i am speaking on behalf of the salvadoran armed forces that is on its feet at 0115 on 12 november, confronting a treacherous attack by the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) terrorists who at 2000 on 11 november--displaying their warmongering strategy and without caring about the suffering of the salvadoran people--carried out treacherous actions in which the civilian population were the only ones who have suffered.    the military and public security personnel have reacted in an efficient manner in rejecting the terrorist enemy. we are obligated to report to the salvadoran people what has happened. the most important actions that have taken place on the night of 11 november are as follows: an attack on the residence of the legislative assembly president, who is unharmed; and an attack on the central elections council where no material damage or casualties occurred.  likewise, there was an attack on the presidential residence which caused slight material damage and no casualties. fortunately for all salvadorans, the president of the republic is under full protection and he was never in any danger. likewise, we report that there was an attack on his private residence.    we also want to report to the salvadoran people that some military personnel were harassed, such as the 1st infantry brigade, the national police garrison in the zacamil neighborhood, and the 6th infantry brigade in usulutan city where one minor was injured.  there was also harassment of the 3d infantry brigade with headquarters in san miguel. there was no material damage and there were no casualties. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 182, 'end_gold': 195, 'gold': ' unharmed; and an attack on the central elections council where', 'candidates': [(52, 65, ' fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front)', 8.487981796264648), (52, 64, ' fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front', 6.601495742797852), (52, 63, ' fmln (farabundo marti national liberation', 5.333019256591797)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>salvadoran people: good morning.  i am speaking on behalf of the salvadoran armed forces that is on its feet at 0115 on 12 november, confronting a treacherous attack by the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) terrorists who at 2000 on 11 november--displaying their warmongering strategy and without caring about the suffering of the salvadoran people--carried out treacherous actions in which the civilian population were the only ones who have suffered.    the military and public security personnel have reacted in an efficient manner in rejecting the terrorist enemy. we are obligated to report to the salvadoran people what has happened. the most important actions that have taken place on the night of 11 november are as follows: an attack on the residence of the legislative assembly president, who is unharmed; and an attack on the central elections council where no material damage or casualties occurred.  likewise, there was an attack on the presidential residence which caused slight material damage and no casualties. fortunately for all salvadorans, the president of the republic is under full protection and he was never in any danger. likewise, we report that there was an attack on his private residence.    we also want to report to the salvadoran people that some military personnel were harassed, such as the 1st infantry brigade, the national police garrison in the zacamil neighborhood, and the 6th infantry brigade in usulutan city where one minor was injured.  there was also harassment of the 3d infantry brigade with headquarters in san miguel. there was no material damage and there were no casualties. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 773, 'end_gold': 790, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(168, 177, ' an attack on the residence of the legislative assembly', 3.132758617401123), (168, 192, ' an attack on the residence of the legislative assembly president, who is unharmed; and an attack on the central elections', 0.9271682500839233), (168, 183, ' an attack on the residence of the legislative assembly president, who is unhar', -0.09229600429534912)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>salvadoran people: good morning.  i am speaking on behalf of the salvadoran armed forces that is on its feet at 0115 on 12 november, confronting a treacherous attack by the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) terrorists who at 2000 on 11 november--displaying their warmongering strategy and without caring about the suffering of the salvadoran people--carried out treacherous actions in which the civilian population were the only ones who have suffered.    the military and public security personnel have reacted in an efficient manner in rejecting the terrorist enemy. we are obligated to report to the salvadoran people what has happened. the most important actions that have taken place on the night of 11 november are as follows: an attack on the residence of the legislative assembly president, who is unharmed; and an attack on the central elections council where no material damage or casualties occurred.  likewise, there was an attack on the presidential residence which caused slight material damage and no casualties. fortunately for all salvadorans, the president of the republic is under full protection and he was never in any danger. likewise, we report that there was an attack on his private residence.    we also want to report to the salvadoran people that some military personnel were harassed, such as the 1st infantry brigade, the national police garrison in the zacamil neighborhood, and the 6th infantry brigade in usulutan city where one minor was injured.  there was also harassment of the 3d infantry brigade with headquarters in san miguel. there was no material damage and there were no casualties. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 1437, 'end_gold': 1451, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(101, 103, ' the civilian', 9.917749404907227), (101, 110, ' the civilian population were the only ones who have', 9.563971519470215), (101, 102, ' the', 6.4565253257751465)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>salvadoran people: good morning.  i am speaking on behalf of the salvadoran armed forces that is on its feet at 0115 on 12 november, confronting a treacherous attack by the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) terrorists who at 2000 on 11 november--displaying their warmongering strategy and without caring about the suffering of the salvadoran people--carried out treacherous actions in which the civilian population were the only ones who have suffered.    the military and public security personnel have reacted in an efficient manner in rejecting the terrorist enemy. we are obligated to report to the salvadoran people what has happened. the most important actions that have taken place on the night of 11 november are as follows: an attack on the residence of the legislative assembly president, who is unharmed; and an attack on the central elections council where no material damage or casualties occurred.  likewise, there was an attack on the presidential residence which caused slight material damage and no casualties. fortunately for all salvadorans, the president of the republic is under full protection and he was never in any danger. likewise, we report that there was an attack on his private residence.    we also want to report to the salvadoran people that some military personnel were harassed, such as the 1st infantry brigade, the national police garrison in the zacamil neighborhood, and the 6th infantry brigade in usulutan city where one minor was injured.  there was also harassment of the 3d infantry brigade with headquarters in san miguel. there was no material damage and there were no casualties. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(26, 30, ' salvadoran armed', 8.485940933227539), (26, 28, ' salvador', 5.589023590087891), (26, 35, ' salvadoran armed forces that is on its', 2.769340991973877)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the salvadoran guerrillas assured today they have "consolidated" four of the most densely populated neighborhoods in northern san salvador where some 300,000 persons live.    commander amilcar, one of the rebel chiefs who has occupied the zacamil neighborhood, told acan - efe that he and his men came to san salvador "prepared, and with sufficient ammunition to remain for several days."    in a general assesement of the guerrilla offensive, the young commander said that the army "cannot enter" the "area under rebel control," but it is attacking the rebels from the national police headquarters and using helicopter gunships.    "however, the people have the trump card (for the success of the offensive)," he added.    amilcar, who is 26-years-ago and looks like a student, was walking down the hallways of one of the cramped five-story apartment buildings in zacamil while explaining that the goal of the rebel offensive is "to seek options for building peace in el salvador."    he added that the guerrillas seek "to disrupt the dialogue conditions, and go to the conversations with a political and military advantage so that the government will agree with us on what the people want: democracy, a people\'s economic policy, and a purge in the armed forces, among other things."    the guerrillas and the government of el salvador have held two meetings in recent months, the first one in mexico and the second one in costa rica.  a third meeting was to be held shortly in venezuela, but the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) announced that it will not attend.    the fmln launched the most important military offensive since 1981 on 11 november, attacking 50 military positions, 20 of them in san salvador.    in the first 24 hours, the offensive has caused nearly 300 casualties (127 dead and 155 wounded) according to the army, and over 400 casualties according to the guerrillas.    the offensive has been named "out with the fascists! febe elizabeth lives!" in homage to a trade union leader killed 13 days ago along with nine other workers in a dynamite explosion in the capital city attributed to the ultrarightist death squads.    armed with an automatic ak-47 rifle, amilcar said that the fmln "has consolidated the zacamil, cuscatancingo, mejicanos, and panama neighborhoods, and we have besieged the 1st infantry brigade."    all the places he mentioned are in northern san salvador, where the bloodiest clashes between the guerrillas and the government troops have taken place.    at nightfall on 12 november and prior to the curfew that begins at 2000 (0200 gmt), the residents of zacamil were outside their buildings carrying candles as there is no electricity.    amilcar assured that the guerrillas have inflicted at least 18 casualties on the armed forces in that area and have seized about 20 rifles and 1 m-60 machinegun.    "this offensive is a military and political achievement. as a result of the closing of the comalapa international airport, the main airport of the country, we have succeeded in letting the world that we are at war and are an emerging power," the rebel commander said.    comalapa airport, located 50 km south of san salvador, was closed "for security reasons."    acording to the fmln clandestine station, radio venceremos, the guerrilla fighters destroyed three military helicopters on the ground and caused some damage on the airports\'s main landing strip.    referring to the government\'s decision to impose a curfew and a nationwide state of siege effective tonight, commander amilcar said: "we had already taken this into consideration when we launched the offensive."    the government "cannot act indiscriminately against the civilian population," amilcar said; adding that "the citizens\' rights were suspended to bomb the places taken over by our forces."    the people of zacamil and other neighborhoods located north of the capital have lived in terror since saturday, 11 november, when they were trapped in the crossfire between the rebels and the military, subjected to the air raids and the threat that living with the guerrilla members represents to them.    at least two civilians have died in zacamil and five more have been wounded, including two children, as a result of the armed clashes.</s>', 'start_gold': 563, 'end_gold': 576, 'gold': ' he mentioned are in northern san salvador, where the bloodiest', 'candidates': [(49, 52, ' commander amil', -0.23582147061824799), (49, 58, ' commander amilcar, one of the rebel', -2.829697608947754), (49, 53, ' commander amilcar', -3.7321617603302)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the salvadoran guerrillas assured today they have "consolidated" four of the most densely populated neighborhoods in northern san salvador where some 300,000 persons live.    commander amilcar, one of the rebel chiefs who has occupied the zacamil neighborhood, told acan - efe that he and his men came to san salvador "prepared, and with sufficient ammunition to remain for several days."    in a general assesement of the guerrilla offensive, the young commander said that the army "cannot enter" the "area under rebel control," but it is attacking the rebels from the national police headquarters and using helicopter gunships.    "however, the people have the trump card (for the success of the offensive)," he added.    amilcar, who is 26-years-ago and looks like a student, was walking down the hallways of one of the cramped five-story apartment buildings in zacamil while explaining that the goal of the rebel offensive is "to seek options for building peace in el salvador."    he added that the guerrillas seek "to disrupt the dialogue conditions, and go to the conversations with a political and military advantage so that the government will agree with us on what the people want: democracy, a people\'s economic policy, and a purge in the armed forces, among other things."    the guerrillas and the government of el salvador have held two meetings in recent months, the first one in mexico and the second one in costa rica.  a third meeting was to be held shortly in venezuela, but the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) announced that it will not attend.    the fmln launched the most important military offensive since 1981 on 11 november, attacking 50 military positions, 20 of them in san salvador.    in the first 24 hours, the offensive has caused nearly 300 casualties (127 dead and 155 wounded) according to the army, and over 400 casualties according to the guerrillas.    the offensive has been named "out with the fascists! febe elizabeth lives!" in homage to a trade union leader killed 13 days ago along with nine other workers in a dynamite explosion in the capital city attributed to the ultrarightist death squads.    armed with an automatic ak-47 rifle, amilcar said that the fmln "has consolidated the zacamil, cuscatancingo, mejicanos, and panama neighborhoods, and we have besieged the 1st infantry brigade."    all the places he mentioned are in northern san salvador, where the bloodiest clashes between the guerrillas and the government troops have taken place.    at nightfall on 12 november and prior to the curfew that begins at 2000 (0200 gmt), the residents of zacamil were outside their buildings carrying candles as there is no electricity.    amilcar assured that the guerrillas have inflicted at least 18 casualties on the armed forces in that area and have seized about 20 rifles and 1 m-60 machinegun.    "this offensive is a military and political achievement. as a result of the closing of the comalapa international airport, the main airport of the country, we have succeeded in letting the world that we are at war and are an emerging power," the rebel commander said.    comalapa airport, located 50 km south of san salvador, was closed "for security reasons."    acording to the fmln clandestine station, radio venceremos, the guerrilla fighters destroyed three military helicopters on the ground and caused some damage on the airports\'s main landing strip.    referring to the government\'s decision to impose a curfew and a nationwide state of siege effective tonight, commander amilcar said: "we had already taken this into consideration when we launched the offensive."    the government "cannot act indiscriminately against the civilian population," amilcar said; adding that "the citizens\' rights were suspended to bomb the places taken over by our forces."    the people of zacamil and other neighborhoods located north of the capital have lived in terror since saturday, 11 november, when they were trapped in the crossfire between the rebels and the military, subjected to the air raids and the threat that living with the guerrilla members represents to them.    at least two civilians have died in zacamil and five more have been wounded, including two children, as a result of the armed clashes.</s>', 'start_gold': 487, 'end_gold': 500, 'gold': ' in the capital city attributed to the ultrarightist death squads', 'candidates': [(49, 52, ' commander amil', 0.7050367593765259), (49, 58, ' commander amilcar, one of the rebel', -2.358926773071289), (49, 53, ' commander amilcar', -2.712355136871338)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the salvadoran guerrillas assured today they have "consolidated" four of the most densely populated neighborhoods in northern san salvador where some 300,000 persons live.    commander amilcar, one of the rebel chiefs who has occupied the zacamil neighborhood, told acan - efe that he and his men came to san salvador "prepared, and with sufficient ammunition to remain for several days."    in a general assesement of the guerrilla offensive, the young commander said that the army "cannot enter" the "area under rebel control," but it is attacking the rebels from the national police headquarters and using helicopter gunships.    "however, the people have the trump card (for the success of the offensive)," he added.    amilcar, who is 26-years-ago and looks like a student, was walking down the hallways of one of the cramped five-story apartment buildings in zacamil while explaining that the goal of the rebel offensive is "to seek options for building peace in el salvador."    he added that the guerrillas seek "to disrupt the dialogue conditions, and go to the conversations with a political and military advantage so that the government will agree with us on what the people want: democracy, a people\'s economic policy, and a purge in the armed forces, among other things."    the guerrillas and the government of el salvador have held two meetings in recent months, the first one in mexico and the second one in costa rica.  a third meeting was to be held shortly in venezuela, but the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) announced that it will not attend.    the fmln launched the most important military offensive since 1981 on 11 november, attacking 50 military positions, 20 of them in san salvador.    in the first 24 hours, the offensive has caused nearly 300 casualties (127 dead and 155 wounded) according to the army, and over 400 casualties according to the guerrillas.    the offensive has been named "out with the fascists! febe elizabeth lives!" in homage to a trade union leader killed 13 days ago along with nine other workers in a dynamite explosion in the capital city attributed to the ultrarightist death squads.    armed with an automatic ak-47 rifle, amilcar said that the fmln "has consolidated the zacamil, cuscatancingo, mejicanos, and panama neighborhoods, and we have besieged the 1st infantry brigade."    all the places he mentioned are in northern san salvador, where the bloodiest clashes between the guerrillas and the government troops have taken place.    at nightfall on 12 november and prior to the curfew that begins at 2000 (0200 gmt), the residents of zacamil were outside their buildings carrying candles as there is no electricity.    amilcar assured that the guerrillas have inflicted at least 18 casualties on the armed forces in that area and have seized about 20 rifles and 1 m-60 machinegun.    "this offensive is a military and political achievement. as a result of the closing of the comalapa international airport, the main airport of the country, we have succeeded in letting the world that we are at war and are an emerging power," the rebel commander said.    comalapa airport, located 50 km south of san salvador, was closed "for security reasons."    acording to the fmln clandestine station, radio venceremos, the guerrilla fighters destroyed three military helicopters on the ground and caused some damage on the airports\'s main landing strip.    referring to the government\'s decision to impose a curfew and a nationwide state of siege effective tonight, commander amilcar said: "we had already taken this into consideration when we launched the offensive."    the government "cannot act indiscriminately against the civilian population," amilcar said; adding that "the citizens\' rights were suspended to bomb the places taken over by our forces."    the people of zacamil and other neighborhoods located north of the capital have lived in terror since saturday, 11 november, when they were trapped in the crossfire between the rebels and the military, subjected to the air raids and the threat that living with the guerrilla members represents to them.    at least two civilians have died in zacamil and five more have been wounded, including two children, as a result of the armed clashes.</s>', 'start_gold': 3336, 'end_gold': 3348, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(138, 145, ' national police headquarters and using helicopter guns', 12.073416709899902), (138, 140, ' national police', 10.860330581665039), (138, 146, ' national police headquarters and using helicopter gunships', 8.471620559692383)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the salvadoran guerrillas assured today they have "consolidated" four of the most densely populated neighborhoods in northern san salvador where some 300,000 persons live.    commander amilcar, one of the rebel chiefs who has occupied the zacamil neighborhood, told acan - efe that he and his men came to san salvador "prepared, and with sufficient ammunition to remain for several days."    in a general assesement of the guerrilla offensive, the young commander said that the army "cannot enter" the "area under rebel control," but it is attacking the rebels from the national police headquarters and using helicopter gunships.    "however, the people have the trump card (for the success of the offensive)," he added.    amilcar, who is 26-years-ago and looks like a student, was walking down the hallways of one of the cramped five-story apartment buildings in zacamil while explaining that the goal of the rebel offensive is "to seek options for building peace in el salvador."    he added that the guerrillas seek "to disrupt the dialogue conditions, and go to the conversations with a political and military advantage so that the government will agree with us on what the people want: democracy, a people\'s economic policy, and a purge in the armed forces, among other things."    the guerrillas and the government of el salvador have held two meetings in recent months, the first one in mexico and the second one in costa rica.  a third meeting was to be held shortly in venezuela, but the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) announced that it will not attend.    the fmln launched the most important military offensive since 1981 on 11 november, attacking 50 military positions, 20 of them in san salvador.    in the first 24 hours, the offensive has caused nearly 300 casualties (127 dead and 155 wounded) according to the army, and over 400 casualties according to the guerrillas.    the offensive has been named "out with the fascists! febe elizabeth lives!" in homage to a trade union leader killed 13 days ago along with nine other workers in a dynamite explosion in the capital city attributed to the ultrarightist death squads.    armed with an automatic ak-47 rifle, amilcar said that the fmln "has consolidated the zacamil, cuscatancingo, mejicanos, and panama neighborhoods, and we have besieged the 1st infantry brigade."    all the places he mentioned are in northern san salvador, where the bloodiest clashes between the guerrillas and the government troops have taken place.    at nightfall on 12 november and prior to the curfew that begins at 2000 (0200 gmt), the residents of zacamil were outside their buildings carrying candles as there is no electricity.    amilcar assured that the guerrillas have inflicted at least 18 casualties on the armed forces in that area and have seized about 20 rifles and 1 m-60 machinegun.    "this offensive is a military and political achievement. as a result of the closing of the comalapa international airport, the main airport of the country, we have succeeded in letting the world that we are at war and are an emerging power," the rebel commander said.    comalapa airport, located 50 km south of san salvador, was closed "for security reasons."    acording to the fmln clandestine station, radio venceremos, the guerrilla fighters destroyed three military helicopters on the ground and caused some damage on the airports\'s main landing strip.    referring to the government\'s decision to impose a curfew and a nationwide state of siege effective tonight, commander amilcar said: "we had already taken this into consideration when we launched the offensive."    the government "cannot act indiscriminately against the civilian population," amilcar said; adding that "the citizens\' rights were suspended to bomb the places taken over by our forces."    the people of zacamil and other neighborhoods located north of the capital have lived in terror since saturday, 11 november, when they were trapped in the crossfire between the rebels and the military, subjected to the air raids and the threat that living with the guerrilla members represents to them.    at least two civilians have died in zacamil and five more have been wounded, including two children, as a result of the armed clashes.</s>', 'start_gold': 1969, 'end_gold': 1983, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(647, 657, ' at least 18 casualties on the armed forces in that', 2.3270673751831055), (647, 654, ' at least 18 casualties on the armed', 2.230816602706909), (647, 650, ' at least 18', 0.6116970181465149)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the salvadoran guerrillas assured today they have "consolidated" four of the most densely populated neighborhoods in northern san salvador where some 300,000 persons live.    commander amilcar, one of the rebel chiefs who has occupied the zacamil neighborhood, told acan - efe that he and his men came to san salvador "prepared, and with sufficient ammunition to remain for several days."    in a general assesement of the guerrilla offensive, the young commander said that the army "cannot enter" the "area under rebel control," but it is attacking the rebels from the national police headquarters and using helicopter gunships.    "however, the people have the trump card (for the success of the offensive)," he added.    amilcar, who is 26-years-ago and looks like a student, was walking down the hallways of one of the cramped five-story apartment buildings in zacamil while explaining that the goal of the rebel offensive is "to seek options for building peace in el salvador."    he added that the guerrillas seek "to disrupt the dialogue conditions, and go to the conversations with a political and military advantage so that the government will agree with us on what the people want: democracy, a people\'s economic policy, and a purge in the armed forces, among other things."    the guerrillas and the government of el salvador have held two meetings in recent months, the first one in mexico and the second one in costa rica.  a third meeting was to be held shortly in venezuela, but the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) announced that it will not attend.    the fmln launched the most important military offensive since 1981 on 11 november, attacking 50 military positions, 20 of them in san salvador.    in the first 24 hours, the offensive has caused nearly 300 casualties (127 dead and 155 wounded) according to the army, and over 400 casualties according to the guerrillas.    the offensive has been named "out with the fascists! febe elizabeth lives!" in homage to a trade union leader killed 13 days ago along with nine other workers in a dynamite explosion in the capital city attributed to the ultrarightist death squads.    armed with an automatic ak-47 rifle, amilcar said that the fmln "has consolidated the zacamil, cuscatancingo, mejicanos, and panama neighborhoods, and we have besieged the 1st infantry brigade."    all the places he mentioned are in northern san salvador, where the bloodiest clashes between the guerrillas and the government troops have taken place.    at nightfall on 12 november and prior to the curfew that begins at 2000 (0200 gmt), the residents of zacamil were outside their buildings carrying candles as there is no electricity.    amilcar assured that the guerrillas have inflicted at least 18 casualties on the armed forces in that area and have seized about 20 rifles and 1 m-60 machinegun.    "this offensive is a military and political achievement. as a result of the closing of the comalapa international airport, the main airport of the country, we have succeeded in letting the world that we are at war and are an emerging power," the rebel commander said.    comalapa airport, located 50 km south of san salvador, was closed "for security reasons."    acording to the fmln clandestine station, radio venceremos, the guerrilla fighters destroyed three military helicopters on the ground and caused some damage on the airports\'s main landing strip.    referring to the government\'s decision to impose a curfew and a nationwide state of siege effective tonight, commander amilcar said: "we had already taken this into consideration when we launched the offensive."    the government "cannot act indiscriminately against the civilian population," amilcar said; adding that "the citizens\' rights were suspended to bomb the places taken over by our forces."    the people of zacamil and other neighborhoods located north of the capital have lived in terror since saturday, 11 november, when they were trapped in the crossfire between the rebels and the military, subjected to the air raids and the threat that living with the guerrilla members represents to them.    at least two civilians have died in zacamil and five more have been wounded, including two children, as a result of the armed clashes.</s>', 'start_gold': 2080, 'end_gold': 2093, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(662, 670, ' 20 rifles and 1 m-60 machine', 13.824422836303711), (662, 671, ' 20 rifles and 1 m-60 machinegun', 10.970478057861328), (662, 663, ' 20', 6.959447383880615)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>we have a last minute report from san miguel.  at exactly 1100 1700 gmt yesterday, 12 november, an armored personnel carrier was destroyed with an rpg-7 rocket (words indistinct).  four enemy casualties were reported.  we repeat: an armored personnel carrier was destroyed by our fighters in san miguel.  our fighters used an rpg-7 rocket launcher to destroy the armored personnel carrier.    now we have more information from san salvador.  at 0800 1400 gmt this morning, a c-47 plane flew over and strafed the mejicanos downtown area, where thousands of people live.  according to the report we received, many civilians have been injured.  we were also advised that the c-47 left the area after its attack.    we once again call on the international community to pressure alfredo cristiani's government to stop this kind of human rights violation.  these actions are directed against the civilian population.  the armed forces has been shelling and strafing densely populated areas in san salvador since saturday.  in the past we have denounced indiscriminate shelling of rural areas; however, these are unprecedented attacks.  this shelling and bombing has already resulted in many civilian casualties.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(187, 212, " alfredo cristiani's government to stop this kind of human rights violation.  these actions are directed against the civilian", -3.6777901649475098), (187, 192, ' alfredo crist', -4.4088358879089355), (187, 203, " alfredo cristiani's government to stop this kind of human rights violation", -5.237637042999268)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>we have a last minute report from san miguel.  at exactly 1100 1700 gmt yesterday, 12 november, an armored personnel carrier was destroyed with an rpg-7 rocket (words indistinct).  four enemy casualties were reported.  we repeat: an armored personnel carrier was destroyed by our fighters in san miguel.  our fighters used an rpg-7 rocket launcher to destroy the armored personnel carrier.    now we have more information from san salvador.  at 0800 1400 gmt this morning, a c-47 plane flew over and strafed the mejicanos downtown area, where thousands of people live.  according to the report we received, many civilians have been injured.  we were also advised that the c-47 left the area after its attack.    we once again call on the international community to pressure alfredo cristiani's government to stop this kind of human rights violation.  these actions are directed against the civilian population.  the armed forces has been shelling and strafing densely populated areas in san salvador since saturday.  in the past we have denounced indiscriminate shelling of rural areas; however, these are unprecedented attacks.  this shelling and bombing has already resulted in many civilian casualties.</s>", 'start_gold': 925, 'end_gold': 938, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(187, 217, " alfredo cristiani's government to stop this kind of human rights violation.  these actions are directed against the civilian population.  the armed", -0.8518123626708984), (187, 212, " alfredo cristiani's government to stop this kind of human rights violation.  these actions are directed against the civilian", -1.415919542312622), (187, 192, ' alfredo crist', -2.1757166385650635)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>we have a last minute report from san miguel.  at exactly 1100 1700 gmt yesterday, 12 november, an armored personnel carrier was destroyed with an rpg-7 rocket (words indistinct).  four enemy casualties were reported.  we repeat: an armored personnel carrier was destroyed by our fighters in san miguel.  our fighters used an rpg-7 rocket launcher to destroy the armored personnel carrier.    now we have more information from san salvador.  at 0800 1400 gmt this morning, a c-47 plane flew over and strafed the mejicanos downtown area, where thousands of people live.  according to the report we received, many civilians have been injured.  we were also advised that the c-47 left the area after its attack.    we once again call on the international community to pressure alfredo cristiani's government to stop this kind of human rights violation.  these actions are directed against the civilian population.  the armed forces has been shelling and strafing densely populated areas in san salvador since saturday.  in the past we have denounced indiscriminate shelling of rural areas; however, these are unprecedented attacks.  this shelling and bombing has already resulted in many civilian casualties.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(210, 211, ' civilian', 5.200356960296631), (210, 212, ' civilian population', 2.6703760623931885), (210, 225, ' civilian population.  the armed forces has been shelling and strafing densely populated', 0.8250120878219604)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>we have a last minute report from san miguel.  at exactly 1100 1700 gmt yesterday, 12 november, an armored personnel carrier was destroyed with an rpg-7 rocket (words indistinct).  four enemy casualties were reported.  we repeat: an armored personnel carrier was destroyed by our fighters in san miguel.  our fighters used an rpg-7 rocket launcher to destroy the armored personnel carrier.    now we have more information from san salvador.  at 0800 1400 gmt this morning, a c-47 plane flew over and strafed the mejicanos downtown area, where thousands of people live.  according to the report we received, many civilians have been injured.  we were also advised that the c-47 left the area after its attack.    we once again call on the international community to pressure alfredo cristiani's government to stop this kind of human rights violation.  these actions are directed against the civilian population.  the armed forces has been shelling and strafing densely populated areas in san salvador since saturday.  in the past we have denounced indiscriminate shelling of rural areas; however, these are unprecedented attacks.  this shelling and bombing has already resulted in many civilian casualties.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(53, 55, ' four enemy', 3.754840612411499), (53, 54, ' four', 2.3703806400299072), (53, 57, ' four enemy casualties were', 2.2962467670440674)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>we have a last minute report from san miguel.  at exactly 1100 1700 gmt yesterday, 12 november, an armored personnel carrier was destroyed with an rpg-7 rocket (words indistinct).  four enemy casualties were reported.  we repeat: an armored personnel carrier was destroyed by our fighters in san miguel.  our fighters used an rpg-7 rocket launcher to destroy the armored personnel carrier.    now we have more information from san salvador.  at 0800 1400 gmt this morning, a c-47 plane flew over and strafed the mejicanos downtown area, where thousands of people live.  according to the report we received, many civilians have been injured.  we were also advised that the c-47 left the area after its attack.    we once again call on the international community to pressure alfredo cristiani's government to stop this kind of human rights violation.  these actions are directed against the civilian population.  the armed forces has been shelling and strafing densely populated areas in san salvador since saturday.  in the past we have denounced indiscriminate shelling of rural areas; however, these are unprecedented attacks.  this shelling and bombing has already resulted in many civilian casualties.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(215, 216, ' armed', 6.223294258117676), (215, 225, ' armed forces has been shelling and strafing densely populated', 2.371994972229004), (215, 222, ' armed forces has been shelling and stra', 1.2356654405593872)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>a high-ranking united nations official in san salvador today voiced disapproval regarding the support expressed by nicaraguan president daniel ortega for the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    "nicaragua\'s support for the fmln is an insult to the central american peace process," said the united nations official who wished to remain anonymous.  he is participating in the united nations peace efforts in the area.    the offensive launched by the fmln on 11 november, the most important one since 1981, has already resulted in 139 dead and 313 wounded, including soldiers, rebels, and civilians, government sources reported today.    ortega, on 11 november, described the army\'s actions as a "genocide" and a "massacre," referring to the bombings of neighborhoods occupied by the guerrillas.    according to the official, the open support voiced by ortega to the salvadoran rebels "is a mistake and an intervention."      the un official emphasized that "this gives the salvadoran conflict an international dimension and the united states has said that is has not ruled out an intervention in the area due to the nicaraguan support to the marxist guerrilla of el salvador."      the salvadoran government of rightist alfredo cristiani has blamed ortega for violating the central american peace agreements by giving moral and logistical support to the fmln.    on 12 november, cristiani asked the international community to condemn president ortega\'s position.</s>', 'start_gold': 601, 'end_gold': 614, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(137, 142, ' soldiers, rebels, and', 0.36141493916511536), (137, 139, ' soldiers,', -0.03129810094833374), (137, 164, ' soldiers, rebels, and civilians, government sources reported today.    ortega, on 11 november, described the', -2.8591465950012207)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>a high-ranking united nations official in san salvador today voiced disapproval regarding the support expressed by nicaraguan president daniel ortega for the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    "nicaragua\'s support for the fmln is an insult to the central american peace process," said the united nations official who wished to remain anonymous.  he is participating in the united nations peace efforts in the area.    the offensive launched by the fmln on 11 november, the most important one since 1981, has already resulted in 139 dead and 313 wounded, including soldiers, rebels, and civilians, government sources reported today.    ortega, on 11 november, described the army\'s actions as a "genocide" and a "massacre," referring to the bombings of neighborhoods occupied by the guerrillas.    according to the official, the open support voiced by ortega to the salvadoran rebels "is a mistake and an intervention."      the un official emphasized that "this gives the salvadoran conflict an international dimension and the united states has said that is has not ruled out an intervention in the area due to the nicaraguan support to the marxist guerrilla of el salvador."      the salvadoran government of rightist alfredo cristiani has blamed ortega for violating the central american peace agreements by giving moral and logistical support to the fmln.    on 12 november, cristiani asked the international community to condemn president ortega\'s position.</s>', 'start_gold': 167, 'end_gold': 186, 'gold': ' as a "genocide" and a "massacre," referring to the bombings of neighborhoods occupied', 'candidates': [(210, 213, ' salvadoran', 3.89589262008667), (188, 213, ' guerrillas.    according to the official, the open support voiced by ortega to the salvadoran', 2.654754877090454), (188, 190, ' guerr', 1.6523194313049316)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>a high-ranking united nations official in san salvador today voiced disapproval regarding the support expressed by nicaraguan president daniel ortega for the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    "nicaragua\'s support for the fmln is an insult to the central american peace process," said the united nations official who wished to remain anonymous.  he is participating in the united nations peace efforts in the area.    the offensive launched by the fmln on 11 november, the most important one since 1981, has already resulted in 139 dead and 313 wounded, including soldiers, rebels, and civilians, government sources reported today.    ortega, on 11 november, described the army\'s actions as a "genocide" and a "massacre," referring to the bombings of neighborhoods occupied by the guerrillas.    according to the official, the open support voiced by ortega to the salvadoran rebels "is a mistake and an intervention."      the un official emphasized that "this gives the salvadoran conflict an international dimension and the united states has said that is has not ruled out an intervention in the area due to the nicaraguan support to the marxist guerrilla of el salvador."      the salvadoran government of rightist alfredo cristiani has blamed ortega for violating the central american peace agreements by giving moral and logistical support to the fmln.    on 12 november, cristiani asked the international community to condemn president ortega\'s position.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(136, 141, ' soldiers, rebels, and', 5.828242301940918), (136, 138, ' soldiers,', 2.7779641151428223), (136, 142, ' soldiers, rebels, and civilians', 0.6686961650848389)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>a high-ranking united nations official in san salvador today voiced disapproval regarding the support expressed by nicaraguan president daniel ortega for the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    "nicaragua\'s support for the fmln is an insult to the central american peace process," said the united nations official who wished to remain anonymous.  he is participating in the united nations peace efforts in the area.    the offensive launched by the fmln on 11 november, the most important one since 1981, has already resulted in 139 dead and 313 wounded, including soldiers, rebels, and civilians, government sources reported today.    ortega, on 11 november, described the army\'s actions as a "genocide" and a "massacre," referring to the bombings of neighborhoods occupied by the guerrillas.    according to the official, the open support voiced by ortega to the salvadoran rebels "is a mistake and an intervention."      the un official emphasized that "this gives the salvadoran conflict an international dimension and the united states has said that is has not ruled out an intervention in the area due to the nicaraguan support to the marxist guerrilla of el salvador."      the salvadoran government of rightist alfredo cristiani has blamed ortega for violating the central american peace agreements by giving moral and logistical support to the fmln.    on 12 november, cristiani asked the international community to condemn president ortega\'s position.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(136, 141, ' soldiers, rebels, and', 11.346735000610352), (136, 138, ' soldiers,', 7.155339241027832), (136, 147, ' soldiers, rebels, and civilians, government sources reported today', 6.133486270904541)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>a high-ranking united nations official in san salvador today voiced disapproval regarding the support expressed by nicaraguan president daniel ortega for the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    "nicaragua\'s support for the fmln is an insult to the central american peace process," said the united nations official who wished to remain anonymous.  he is participating in the united nations peace efforts in the area.    the offensive launched by the fmln on 11 november, the most important one since 1981, has already resulted in 139 dead and 313 wounded, including soldiers, rebels, and civilians, government sources reported today.    ortega, on 11 november, described the army\'s actions as a "genocide" and a "massacre," referring to the bombings of neighborhoods occupied by the guerrillas.    according to the official, the open support voiced by ortega to the salvadoran rebels "is a mistake and an intervention."      the un official emphasized that "this gives the salvadoran conflict an international dimension and the united states has said that is has not ruled out an intervention in the area due to the nicaraguan support to the marxist guerrilla of el salvador."      the salvadoran government of rightist alfredo cristiani has blamed ortega for violating the central american peace agreements by giving moral and logistical support to the fmln.    on 12 november, cristiani asked the international community to condemn president ortega\'s position.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(317, 319, ' fml', 4.48750114440918), (317, 320, ' fmln', 1.2765835523605347), (317, 345, " fmln.    on 12 november, cristiani asked the international community to condemn president ortega's position", -0.49834656715393066)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>today, 14 november, new attacks are taking place against positions of the joint staff of the armed forces.  the pink zone (la zona rosa) is turning black for the enemy. our forces are clashing with the zacamil battalion.    we have a report from the capital saying that this afternoon, farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) forces were strongly attacking zacamil battalion troops.  the fmln troops are harassing the joint staff of the armed forces at this time.  barricades are being set up throughout the capital on this 4th day of fighting.    this is the second attack on the joint staff in less than 24 hours because, as we said last night, fmln troops initiated attacks against the san benito battalion at the international fair and against the forces defending the joint staff of the armed forces.    this is the second attack against the joint staff, which complicates the overall situation for the armed forces in the capital. we are attacking the top command of the enemy forces.  fmln forces are attacking the heart and the brain of the enemy.    salvadoran air force planes are overflying areas north of the capital, and they continue machinegunning and bombing civilian areas. a few minutes ago, we reported heavy bombing in zacamil neighborhood.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(79, 107, ' farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) forces were strongly attacking zacamil battalion troops.  the fmln', -0.8078206777572632), (79, 100, ' farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) forces were strongly attacking zacamil battalion', -1.1686385869979858), (79, 91, ' farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln)', -1.1772832870483398)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>today, 14 november, new attacks are taking place against positions of the joint staff of the armed forces.  the pink zone (la zona rosa) is turning black for the enemy. our forces are clashing with the zacamil battalion.    we have a report from the capital saying that this afternoon, farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) forces were strongly attacking zacamil battalion troops.  the fmln troops are harassing the joint staff of the armed forces at this time.  barricades are being set up throughout the capital on this 4th day of fighting.    this is the second attack on the joint staff in less than 24 hours because, as we said last night, fmln troops initiated attacks against the san benito battalion at the international fair and against the forces defending the joint staff of the armed forces.    this is the second attack against the joint staff, which complicates the overall situation for the armed forces in the capital. we are attacking the top command of the enemy forces.  fmln forces are attacking the heart and the brain of the enemy.    salvadoran air force planes are overflying areas north of the capital, and they continue machinegunning and bombing civilian areas. a few minutes ago, we reported heavy bombing in zacamil neighborhood.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(79, 91, ' farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln)', 2.0026068687438965), (79, 107, ' farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) forces were strongly attacking zacamil battalion troops.  the fmln', 1.520209550857544), (79, 100, ' farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) forces were strongly attacking zacamil battalion', 1.238905429840088)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>today, 14 november, new attacks are taking place against positions of the joint staff of the armed forces.  the pink zone (la zona rosa) is turning black for the enemy. our forces are clashing with the zacamil battalion.    we have a report from the capital saying that this afternoon, farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) forces were strongly attacking zacamil battalion troops.  the fmln troops are harassing the joint staff of the armed forces at this time.  barricades are being set up throughout the capital on this 4th day of fighting.    this is the second attack on the joint staff in less than 24 hours because, as we said last night, fmln troops initiated attacks against the san benito battalion at the international fair and against the forces defending the joint staff of the armed forces.    this is the second attack against the joint staff, which complicates the overall situation for the armed forces in the capital. we are attacking the top command of the enemy forces.  fmln forces are attacking the heart and the brain of the enemy.    salvadoran air force planes are overflying areas north of the capital, and they continue machinegunning and bombing civilian areas. a few minutes ago, we reported heavy bombing in zacamil neighborhood.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(22, 30, ' positions of the joint staff of the armed', 4.196140289306641), (22, 26, ' positions of the joint', 3.373112678527832), (22, 31, ' positions of the joint staff of the armed forces', 1.6882258653640747)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>today, 14 november, new attacks are taking place against positions of the joint staff of the armed forces.  the pink zone (la zona rosa) is turning black for the enemy. our forces are clashing with the zacamil battalion.    we have a report from the capital saying that this afternoon, farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) forces were strongly attacking zacamil battalion troops.  the fmln troops are harassing the joint staff of the armed forces at this time.  barricades are being set up throughout the capital on this 4th day of fighting.    this is the second attack on the joint staff in less than 24 hours because, as we said last night, fmln troops initiated attacks against the san benito battalion at the international fair and against the forces defending the joint staff of the armed forces.    this is the second attack against the joint staff, which complicates the overall situation for the armed forces in the capital. we are attacking the top command of the enemy forces.  fmln forces are attacking the heart and the brain of the enemy.    salvadoran air force planes are overflying areas north of the capital, and they continue machinegunning and bombing civilian areas. a few minutes ago, we reported heavy bombing in zacamil neighborhood.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(94, 99, ' zacamil battalion', 3.228773593902588), (94, 100, ' zacamil battalion troops', 1.402098536491394), (94, 98, ' zacamil', 0.3239830732345581)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>today, 14 november, new attacks are taking place against positions of the joint staff of the armed forces.  the pink zone (la zona rosa) is turning black for the enemy. our forces are clashing with the zacamil battalion.    we have a report from the capital saying that this afternoon, farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) forces were strongly attacking zacamil battalion troops.  the fmln troops are harassing the joint staff of the armed forces at this time.  barricades are being set up throughout the capital on this 4th day of fighting.    this is the second attack on the joint staff in less than 24 hours because, as we said last night, fmln troops initiated attacks against the san benito battalion at the international fair and against the forces defending the joint staff of the armed forces.    this is the second attack against the joint staff, which complicates the overall situation for the armed forces in the capital. we are attacking the top command of the enemy forces.  fmln forces are attacking the heart and the brain of the enemy.    salvadoran air force planes are overflying areas north of the capital, and they continue machinegunning and bombing civilian areas. a few minutes ago, we reported heavy bombing in zacamil neighborhood.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(103, 111, ' fmln troops are harassing the joint', 0.7776088714599609), (103, 106, ' fmln', 0.6052567958831787), (103, 115, ' fmln troops are harassing the joint staff of the armed', 0.17329168319702148)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>early this morning the government decreed a state of siege throughout the country to end the social crisis and to protect the internal order, which has been disrupted over the past few hours. this report is included in a government decree approved by president paz zamora.    according to interior ministry under secretary raul loayza, police arrested 500 teachers and education leaders in the nine departmental capitals, thus thwarting the extended hunger strike.    the strike by teachers, who have been demanding a bonus of 300 bolivian pesos, has unleashed violent street confrontations over the past few days and at least four bombings.    the government, which has been besieged by a wave of social demands and pressured by the 80,000 teachers, has stated that these demonstrations are undermining democratic stability. it added that despite efforts to find a path to peaceful coexistence and dialogue, it has not been possible to prevent radical groups interested in the union leadership from publicly challenging the government.    the government decree states that it will guarantee the 3 december municipal elections and protect the citizens' right to vote.    a few minutes before the release of this decree to the press, police patrols raided the centers where the hunger strikes were taking place.  police used excessive force in these raids.    the 250 strikers arrested in la paz were taken in trucks and buses of the police, the air force, and other state institutions, to the el elto air base.    the government reported that 250 strikers were also arrested in the interior of the country. it added that those responsible for the strike will be sent to different regions of the country. other, less responsible groups of strikers will be tried by the regular courts. others will be released.    the three la paz teachers' leaders have been sent to different hospitals in la paz and placed in intensive care. they are miguel lora, telmo roman, and luis alvarez, who are not facing any risk of death, the interior ministry under secretary stated.  he warned that the bolivian labor confederation underground sessions will be illegal, and they are not the most appropriate for labor organizations, he said.    this is the first social crisis president paz zamora has had to face since he assumed power almost 100 days ago.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(398, 414, ' miguel lora, telmo roman, and luis alv', 2.7782840728759766), (398, 423, ' miguel lora, telmo roman, and luis alvarez, who are not facing any risk of', 1.1411770582199097), (398, 415, ' miguel lora, telmo roman, and luis alvarez', 0.0564497709274292)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>early this morning the government decreed a state of siege throughout the country to end the social crisis and to protect the internal order, which has been disrupted over the past few hours. this report is included in a government decree approved by president paz zamora.    according to interior ministry under secretary raul loayza, police arrested 500 teachers and education leaders in the nine departmental capitals, thus thwarting the extended hunger strike.    the strike by teachers, who have been demanding a bonus of 300 bolivian pesos, has unleashed violent street confrontations over the past few days and at least four bombings.    the government, which has been besieged by a wave of social demands and pressured by the 80,000 teachers, has stated that these demonstrations are undermining democratic stability. it added that despite efforts to find a path to peaceful coexistence and dialogue, it has not been possible to prevent radical groups interested in the union leadership from publicly challenging the government.    the government decree states that it will guarantee the 3 december municipal elections and protect the citizens' right to vote.    a few minutes before the release of this decree to the press, police patrols raided the centers where the hunger strikes were taking place.  police used excessive force in these raids.    the 250 strikers arrested in la paz were taken in trucks and buses of the police, the air force, and other state institutions, to the el elto air base.    the government reported that 250 strikers were also arrested in the interior of the country. it added that those responsible for the strike will be sent to different regions of the country. other, less responsible groups of strikers will be tried by the regular courts. others will be released.    the three la paz teachers' leaders have been sent to different hospitals in la paz and placed in intensive care. they are miguel lora, telmo roman, and luis alvarez, who are not facing any risk of death, the interior ministry under secretary stated.  he warned that the bolivian labor confederation underground sessions will be illegal, and they are not the most appropriate for labor organizations, he said.    this is the first social crisis president paz zamora has had to face since he assumed power almost 100 days ago.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(437, 458, ' bolivian labor confederation underground sessions will be illegal, and they are not the most appropriate for labor', 1.2839024066925049), (437, 442, ' bolivian labor conf', -0.36834800243377686), (437, 444, ' bolivian labor confederation underground', -1.766527533531189)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>early this morning the government decreed a state of siege throughout the country to end the social crisis and to protect the internal order, which has been disrupted over the past few hours. this report is included in a government decree approved by president paz zamora.    according to interior ministry under secretary raul loayza, police arrested 500 teachers and education leaders in the nine departmental capitals, thus thwarting the extended hunger strike.    the strike by teachers, who have been demanding a bonus of 300 bolivian pesos, has unleashed violent street confrontations over the past few days and at least four bombings.    the government, which has been besieged by a wave of social demands and pressured by the 80,000 teachers, has stated that these demonstrations are undermining democratic stability. it added that despite efforts to find a path to peaceful coexistence and dialogue, it has not been possible to prevent radical groups interested in the union leadership from publicly challenging the government.    the government decree states that it will guarantee the 3 december municipal elections and protect the citizens' right to vote.    a few minutes before the release of this decree to the press, police patrols raided the centers where the hunger strikes were taking place.  police used excessive force in these raids.    the 250 strikers arrested in la paz were taken in trucks and buses of the police, the air force, and other state institutions, to the el elto air base.    the government reported that 250 strikers were also arrested in the interior of the country. it added that those responsible for the strike will be sent to different regions of the country. other, less responsible groups of strikers will be tried by the regular courts. others will be released.    the three la paz teachers' leaders have been sent to different hospitals in la paz and placed in intensive care. they are miguel lora, telmo roman, and luis alvarez, who are not facing any risk of death, the interior ministry under secretary stated.  he warned that the bolivian labor confederation underground sessions will be illegal, and they are not the most appropriate for labor organizations, he said.    this is the first social crisis president paz zamora has had to face since he assumed power almost 100 days ago.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(80, 83, ' teachers and education', 1.5758442878723145), (80, 89, ' teachers and education leaders in the nine departmental', -0.8685628175735474), (80, 80, '', -2.2393112182617188)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>early this morning the government decreed a state of siege throughout the country to end the social crisis and to protect the internal order, which has been disrupted over the past few hours. this report is included in a government decree approved by president paz zamora.    according to interior ministry under secretary raul loayza, police arrested 500 teachers and education leaders in the nine departmental capitals, thus thwarting the extended hunger strike.    the strike by teachers, who have been demanding a bonus of 300 bolivian pesos, has unleashed violent street confrontations over the past few days and at least four bombings.    the government, which has been besieged by a wave of social demands and pressured by the 80,000 teachers, has stated that these demonstrations are undermining democratic stability. it added that despite efforts to find a path to peaceful coexistence and dialogue, it has not been possible to prevent radical groups interested in the union leadership from publicly challenging the government.    the government decree states that it will guarantee the 3 december municipal elections and protect the citizens' right to vote.    a few minutes before the release of this decree to the press, police patrols raided the centers where the hunger strikes were taking place.  police used excessive force in these raids.    the 250 strikers arrested in la paz were taken in trucks and buses of the police, the air force, and other state institutions, to the el elto air base.    the government reported that 250 strikers were also arrested in the interior of the country. it added that those responsible for the strike will be sent to different regions of the country. other, less responsible groups of strikers will be tried by the regular courts. others will be released.    the three la paz teachers' leaders have been sent to different hospitals in la paz and placed in intensive care. they are miguel lora, telmo roman, and luis alvarez, who are not facing any risk of death, the interior ministry under secretary stated.  he warned that the bolivian labor confederation underground sessions will be illegal, and they are not the most appropriate for labor organizations, he said.    this is the first social crisis president paz zamora has had to face since he assumed power almost 100 days ago.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(372, 378, " three la paz teachers'", 7.699666976928711), (372, 376, ' three la paz', 3.980666160583496), (372, 393, " three la paz teachers' leaders have been sent to different hospitals in la paz and placed in intensive", 3.388291835784912)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>early this morning the government decreed a state of siege throughout the country to end the social crisis and to protect the internal order, which has been disrupted over the past few hours. this report is included in a government decree approved by president paz zamora.    according to interior ministry under secretary raul loayza, police arrested 500 teachers and education leaders in the nine departmental capitals, thus thwarting the extended hunger strike.    the strike by teachers, who have been demanding a bonus of 300 bolivian pesos, has unleashed violent street confrontations over the past few days and at least four bombings.    the government, which has been besieged by a wave of social demands and pressured by the 80,000 teachers, has stated that these demonstrations are undermining democratic stability. it added that despite efforts to find a path to peaceful coexistence and dialogue, it has not been possible to prevent radical groups interested in the union leadership from publicly challenging the government.    the government decree states that it will guarantee the 3 december municipal elections and protect the citizens' right to vote.    a few minutes before the release of this decree to the press, police patrols raided the centers where the hunger strikes were taking place.  police used excessive force in these raids.    the 250 strikers arrested in la paz were taken in trucks and buses of the police, the air force, and other state institutions, to the el elto air base.    the government reported that 250 strikers were also arrested in the interior of the country. it added that those responsible for the strike will be sent to different regions of the country. other, less responsible groups of strikers will be tried by the regular courts. others will be released.    the three la paz teachers' leaders have been sent to different hospitals in la paz and placed in intensive care. they are miguel lora, telmo roman, and luis alvarez, who are not facing any risk of death, the interior ministry under secretary stated.  he warned that the bolivian labor confederation underground sessions will be illegal, and they are not the most appropriate for labor organizations, he said.    this is the first social crisis president paz zamora has had to face since he assumed power almost 100 days ago.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(291, 296, ' the police, the air', 3.537260055541992), (291, 301, ' the police, the air force, and other state', 3.225527286529541), (291, 292, ' the', 1.8543610572814941)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the human rights promotion and protection secretariat (secretaria de promocion y proteccion de los derechos humanos) of the fmln strongly condemns the massacre of five spanish-born jesuit priests and three salvadoran citizens carried out by the salvadoran armed forces soldiers.  ignoring a martial law prohibiting all travel, early this morning a large number of heavily armed soldiers burst into the residence of the priests who manage the jose simeon canas catholic university (uca).  the soldiers broke into the priests' bedrooms, captured them, and brutally murdered them in the garden.    the victims of this hateful collective crime were: priest and dr ignacio ellacuria, the uca director; priest and dr ignacio martin baro, uca deputy director; priest and dr segundo montes, uca human rights institute director; priest and dr amando lopez, uca dean; priest juan ramon moreno; and joaquin lopez y lopez, as well as julia ramos and her 15-year-old daughter, elva ramos.    the persons who ordered the horrible murder of the jesuits and three salvadoran citizens are the same ones who ordered pilots, artillery men, and machinegunners in planes to attack the civilian population.  they are the same ones who are against reaching a political solution to the salvadoran conflict.  they are the top military and political figures in alfredo cristiani's administration.    the human rights promotion and protection secretariat calls on the international community to tie the hands of these murderers of salvadoran people and to aid in finding a solution to the national crisis so we may attain a just and lasting peace our people so desire.    no more barbaric actions in san salvador.  no more injustices. trial and punishment for the murderers.  the military and political leaders of cristiani's government must be ousted.    el salvador, 16 nov 1989</s>", 'start_gold': 254, 'end_gold': 272, 'gold': ' the jesuits and three salvadoran citizens are the same ones who ordered pilots,', 'candidates': [(311, 315, ' top military and political', 11.317115783691406), (311, 324, " top military and political figures in alfredo cristiani's", 10.906063079833984), (311, 325, " top military and political figures in alfredo cristiani's administration", 9.25078296661377)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the human rights promotion and protection secretariat (secretaria de promocion y proteccion de los derechos humanos) of the fmln strongly condemns the massacre of five spanish-born jesuit priests and three salvadoran citizens carried out by the salvadoran armed forces soldiers.  ignoring a martial law prohibiting all travel, early this morning a large number of heavily armed soldiers burst into the residence of the priests who manage the jose simeon canas catholic university (uca).  the soldiers broke into the priests' bedrooms, captured them, and brutally murdered them in the garden.    the victims of this hateful collective crime were: priest and dr ignacio ellacuria, the uca director; priest and dr ignacio martin baro, uca deputy director; priest and dr segundo montes, uca human rights institute director; priest and dr amando lopez, uca dean; priest juan ramon moreno; and joaquin lopez y lopez, as well as julia ramos and her 15-year-old daughter, elva ramos.    the persons who ordered the horrible murder of the jesuits and three salvadoran citizens are the same ones who ordered pilots, artillery men, and machinegunners in planes to attack the civilian population.  they are the same ones who are against reaching a political solution to the salvadoran conflict.  they are the top military and political figures in alfredo cristiani's administration.    the human rights promotion and protection secretariat calls on the international community to tie the hands of these murderers of salvadoran people and to aid in finding a solution to the national crisis so we may attain a just and lasting peace our people so desire.    no more barbaric actions in san salvador.  no more injustices. trial and punishment for the murderers.  the military and political leaders of cristiani's government must be ousted.    el salvador, 16 nov 1989</s>", 'start_gold': 265, 'end_gold': 278, 'gold': ' the same ones who ordered pilots, artillery men, and machinegun', 'candidates': [(311, 315, ' top military and political', 12.953577041625977), (311, 324, " top military and political figures in alfredo cristiani's", 12.523529052734375), (311, 325, " top military and political figures in alfredo cristiani's administration", 10.817044258117676)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the human rights promotion and protection secretariat (secretaria de promocion y proteccion de los derechos humanos) of the fmln strongly condemns the massacre of five spanish-born jesuit priests and three salvadoran citizens carried out by the salvadoran armed forces soldiers.  ignoring a martial law prohibiting all travel, early this morning a large number of heavily armed soldiers burst into the residence of the priests who manage the jose simeon canas catholic university (uca).  the soldiers broke into the priests' bedrooms, captured them, and brutally murdered them in the garden.    the victims of this hateful collective crime were: priest and dr ignacio ellacuria, the uca director; priest and dr ignacio martin baro, uca deputy director; priest and dr segundo montes, uca human rights institute director; priest and dr amando lopez, uca dean; priest juan ramon moreno; and joaquin lopez y lopez, as well as julia ramos and her 15-year-old daughter, elva ramos.    the persons who ordered the horrible murder of the jesuits and three salvadoran citizens are the same ones who ordered pilots, artillery men, and machinegunners in planes to attack the civilian population.  they are the same ones who are against reaching a political solution to the salvadoran conflict.  they are the top military and political figures in alfredo cristiani's administration.    the human rights promotion and protection secretariat calls on the international community to tie the hands of these murderers of salvadoran people and to aid in finding a solution to the national crisis so we may attain a just and lasting peace our people so desire.    no more barbaric actions in san salvador.  no more injustices. trial and punishment for the murderers.  the military and political leaders of cristiani's government must be ousted.    el salvador, 16 nov 1989</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(46, 60, ' five spanish-born jesuit priests and three salvadoran', 6.485273838043213), (46, 70, ' five spanish-born jesuit priests and three salvadoran citizens carried out by the salvadoran armed forces', 1.9564210176467896), (46, 54, ' five spanish-born jesuit', 1.535050392150879)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the human rights promotion and protection secretariat (secretaria de promocion y proteccion de los derechos humanos) of the fmln strongly condemns the massacre of five spanish-born jesuit priests and three salvadoran citizens carried out by the salvadoran armed forces soldiers.  ignoring a martial law prohibiting all travel, early this morning a large number of heavily armed soldiers burst into the residence of the priests who manage the jose simeon canas catholic university (uca).  the soldiers broke into the priests' bedrooms, captured them, and brutally murdered them in the garden.    the victims of this hateful collective crime were: priest and dr ignacio ellacuria, the uca director; priest and dr ignacio martin baro, uca deputy director; priest and dr segundo montes, uca human rights institute director; priest and dr amando lopez, uca dean; priest juan ramon moreno; and joaquin lopez y lopez, as well as julia ramos and her 15-year-old daughter, elva ramos.    the persons who ordered the horrible murder of the jesuits and three salvadoran citizens are the same ones who ordered pilots, artillery men, and machinegunners in planes to attack the civilian population.  they are the same ones who are against reaching a political solution to the salvadoran conflict.  they are the top military and political figures in alfredo cristiani's administration.    the human rights promotion and protection secretariat calls on the international community to tie the hands of these murderers of salvadoran people and to aid in finding a solution to the national crisis so we may attain a just and lasting peace our people so desire.    no more barbaric actions in san salvador.  no more injustices. trial and punishment for the murderers.  the military and political leaders of cristiani's government must be ousted.    el salvador, 16 nov 1989</s>", 'start_gold': 668, 'end_gold': 683, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(147, 154, ' priest and dr ignacio ellac', 9.747212409973145), (147, 175, ' priest and dr ignacio ellacuria, the uca director; priest and dr ignacio martin baro, uca deputy director', 7.792821884155273), (147, 174, ' priest and dr ignacio ellacuria, the uca director; priest and dr ignacio martin baro, uca deputy', 7.770423412322998)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the human rights promotion and protection secretariat (secretaria de promocion y proteccion de los derechos humanos) of the fmln strongly condemns the massacre of five spanish-born jesuit priests and three salvadoran citizens carried out by the salvadoran armed forces soldiers.  ignoring a martial law prohibiting all travel, early this morning a large number of heavily armed soldiers burst into the residence of the priests who manage the jose simeon canas catholic university (uca).  the soldiers broke into the priests' bedrooms, captured them, and brutally murdered them in the garden.    the victims of this hateful collective crime were: priest and dr ignacio ellacuria, the uca director; priest and dr ignacio martin baro, uca deputy director; priest and dr segundo montes, uca human rights institute director; priest and dr amando lopez, uca dean; priest juan ramon moreno; and joaquin lopez y lopez, as well as julia ramos and her 15-year-old daughter, elva ramos.    the persons who ordered the horrible murder of the jesuits and three salvadoran citizens are the same ones who ordered pilots, artillery men, and machinegunners in planes to attack the civilian population.  they are the same ones who are against reaching a political solution to the salvadoran conflict.  they are the top military and political figures in alfredo cristiani's administration.    the human rights promotion and protection secretariat calls on the international community to tie the hands of these murderers of salvadoran people and to aid in finding a solution to the national crisis so we may attain a just and lasting peace our people so desire.    no more barbaric actions in san salvador.  no more injustices. trial and punishment for the murderers.  the military and political leaders of cristiani's government must be ousted.    el salvador, 16 nov 1989</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(269, 279, ' pilots, artillery men, and machinegunners in', 11.766695022583008), (269, 277, ' pilots, artillery men, and machinegun', 11.090103149414062), (269, 284, ' pilots, artillery men, and machinegunners in planes to attack the civilian', 9.302684783935547)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) detachments have conducted the largest military operation in the entire history of the salvadoran conflict in the country\'s capital.    an offensive was launched simultaneously throughout the country\'s territory; however, san salvador\'s city blocks, which were the scene of fierce fighting between fmln detachments and government troops, were the epicenter of sunday\'s events.  the intense firefight involving artillery and helicopters lasted approximately 18 hours and encompassed virtually the entire capital, completely paralyzing life in the city.  according to reuter, attempts were made to storm president alfredo cristiani\'s official and personal residences; however, it is reported that the president was not hurt.    reports of the losses on both sides are contradictory.    a state of siege has been introduced in el salvador and constitutional guarantees have been suspended.  a curfew is in force in the capital, and the international airport has been closed. according to president cristiani, whose speech was broadcast on the radio, these steps are needed to "defend the population against left-wing terrorism."  according to the president, the military are in complete control of the situation; however, it is reported from san salvador that these words by a.  cristiani were heard on the airwaves accompanied by continual explosions and shooting.    international observers regard events in san salvador in the context of the interrupted talks between the government and the insurgents.  the third round of these talks should have been held recently in caracas, but opposition representatives refused to take part in them after a left-wing trade union\'s headquarters was subjected to artillery bombardment resulting in the deaths of at least 10 people.  according to the insurgents, the government decided on dialogue with them solely out of propaganda considerations, with no intention of reaching any agreement.  sunday\'s offensive was thus an attempt on their part to show themselves to be a force to be reckoned with.    in the opinion of observers, however, events in san salvador practically rule out all hopes of success for future talks between the government and representatives of the insurgents.  moreover, the fighting in the salvadoran capital, a reuter correspondent believes, dealt the fragile peace settlement process in central america a considerable blow.</s>', 'start_gold': 58, 'end_gold': 72, 'gold': " territory; however, san salvador's city blocks, which were the", 'candidates': [(315, 315, '', 4.28493070602417), (239, 242, ' left-wing', 0.8691825270652771), (239, 243, ' left-wing terrorism', -1.3208794593811035)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) detachments have conducted the largest military operation in the entire history of the salvadoran conflict in the country\'s capital.    an offensive was launched simultaneously throughout the country\'s territory; however, san salvador\'s city blocks, which were the scene of fierce fighting between fmln detachments and government troops, were the epicenter of sunday\'s events.  the intense firefight involving artillery and helicopters lasted approximately 18 hours and encompassed virtually the entire capital, completely paralyzing life in the city.  according to reuter, attempts were made to storm president alfredo cristiani\'s official and personal residences; however, it is reported that the president was not hurt.    reports of the losses on both sides are contradictory.    a state of siege has been introduced in el salvador and constitutional guarantees have been suspended.  a curfew is in force in the capital, and the international airport has been closed. according to president cristiani, whose speech was broadcast on the radio, these steps are needed to "defend the population against left-wing terrorism."  according to the president, the military are in complete control of the situation; however, it is reported from san salvador that these words by a.  cristiani were heard on the airwaves accompanied by continual explosions and shooting.    international observers regard events in san salvador in the context of the interrupted talks between the government and the insurgents.  the third round of these talks should have been held recently in caracas, but opposition representatives refused to take part in them after a left-wing trade union\'s headquarters was subjected to artillery bombardment resulting in the deaths of at least 10 people.  according to the insurgents, the government decided on dialogue with them solely out of propaganda considerations, with no intention of reaching any agreement.  sunday\'s offensive was thus an attempt on their part to show themselves to be a force to be reckoned with.    in the opinion of observers, however, events in san salvador practically rule out all hopes of success for future talks between the government and representatives of the insurgents.  moreover, the fighting in the salvadoran capital, a reuter correspondent believes, dealt the fragile peace settlement process in central america a considerable blow.</s>', 'start_gold': 9, 'end_gold': 28, 'gold': '</s>farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) detachments have conducted the largest', 'candidates': [(239, 242, ' left-wing', 4.4225053787231445), (239, 243, ' left-wing terrorism', 1.7699227333068848), (315, 315, '', 5.592318534851074)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) detachments have conducted the largest military operation in the entire history of the salvadoran conflict in the country\'s capital.    an offensive was launched simultaneously throughout the country\'s territory; however, san salvador\'s city blocks, which were the scene of fierce fighting between fmln detachments and government troops, were the epicenter of sunday\'s events.  the intense firefight involving artillery and helicopters lasted approximately 18 hours and encompassed virtually the entire capital, completely paralyzing life in the city.  according to reuter, attempts were made to storm president alfredo cristiani\'s official and personal residences; however, it is reported that the president was not hurt.    reports of the losses on both sides are contradictory.    a state of siege has been introduced in el salvador and constitutional guarantees have been suspended.  a curfew is in force in the capital, and the international airport has been closed. according to president cristiani, whose speech was broadcast on the radio, these steps are needed to "defend the population against left-wing terrorism."  according to the president, the military are in complete control of the situation; however, it is reported from san salvador that these words by a.  cristiani were heard on the airwaves accompanied by continual explosions and shooting.    international observers regard events in san salvador in the context of the interrupted talks between the government and the insurgents.  the third round of these talks should have been held recently in caracas, but opposition representatives refused to take part in them after a left-wing trade union\'s headquarters was subjected to artillery bombardment resulting in the deaths of at least 10 people.  according to the insurgents, the government decided on dialogue with them solely out of propaganda considerations, with no intention of reaching any agreement.  sunday\'s offensive was thus an attempt on their part to show themselves to be a force to be reckoned with.    in the opinion of observers, however, events in san salvador practically rule out all hopes of success for future talks between the government and representatives of the insurgents.  moreover, the fighting in the salvadoran capital, a reuter correspondent believes, dealt the fragile peace settlement process in central america a considerable blow.</s>', 'start_gold': 659, 'end_gold': 681, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(82, 83, ' government', -4.016754150390625), (82, 103, " government troops, were the epicenter of sunday's events.  the intense firefight involving artillery and", -5.80588436126709), (82, 94, " government troops, were the epicenter of sunday's events", -6.8850812911987305)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) detachments have conducted the largest military operation in the entire history of the salvadoran conflict in the country\'s capital.    an offensive was launched simultaneously throughout the country\'s territory; however, san salvador\'s city blocks, which were the scene of fierce fighting between fmln detachments and government troops, were the epicenter of sunday\'s events.  the intense firefight involving artillery and helicopters lasted approximately 18 hours and encompassed virtually the entire capital, completely paralyzing life in the city.  according to reuter, attempts were made to storm president alfredo cristiani\'s official and personal residences; however, it is reported that the president was not hurt.    reports of the losses on both sides are contradictory.    a state of siege has been introduced in el salvador and constitutional guarantees have been suspended.  a curfew is in force in the capital, and the international airport has been closed. according to president cristiani, whose speech was broadcast on the radio, these steps are needed to "defend the population against left-wing terrorism."  according to the president, the military are in complete control of the situation; however, it is reported from san salvador that these words by a.  cristiani were heard on the airwaves accompanied by continual explosions and shooting.    international observers regard events in san salvador in the context of the interrupted talks between the government and the insurgents.  the third round of these talks should have been held recently in caracas, but opposition representatives refused to take part in them after a left-wing trade union\'s headquarters was subjected to artillery bombardment resulting in the deaths of at least 10 people.  according to the insurgents, the government decided on dialogue with them solely out of propaganda considerations, with no intention of reaching any agreement.  sunday\'s offensive was thus an attempt on their part to show themselves to be a force to be reckoned with.    in the opinion of observers, however, events in san salvador practically rule out all hopes of success for future talks between the government and representatives of the insurgents.  moreover, the fighting in the salvadoran capital, a reuter correspondent believes, dealt the fragile peace settlement process in central america a considerable blow.</s>', 'start_gold': 669, 'end_gold': 684, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(135, 141, ' president alfredo crist', 1.6987366676330566), (135, 158, " president alfredo cristiani's official and personal residences; however, it is reported that the president was not", 0.14068758487701416), (135, 155, " president alfredo cristiani's official and personal residences; however, it is reported that the", -0.6699155569076538)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) detachments have conducted the largest military operation in the entire history of the salvadoran conflict in the country\'s capital.    an offensive was launched simultaneously throughout the country\'s territory; however, san salvador\'s city blocks, which were the scene of fierce fighting between fmln detachments and government troops, were the epicenter of sunday\'s events.  the intense firefight involving artillery and helicopters lasted approximately 18 hours and encompassed virtually the entire capital, completely paralyzing life in the city.  according to reuter, attempts were made to storm president alfredo cristiani\'s official and personal residences; however, it is reported that the president was not hurt.    reports of the losses on both sides are contradictory.    a state of siege has been introduced in el salvador and constitutional guarantees have been suspended.  a curfew is in force in the capital, and the international airport has been closed. according to president cristiani, whose speech was broadcast on the radio, these steps are needed to "defend the population against left-wing terrorism."  according to the president, the military are in complete control of the situation; however, it is reported from san salvador that these words by a.  cristiani were heard on the airwaves accompanied by continual explosions and shooting.    international observers regard events in san salvador in the context of the interrupted talks between the government and the insurgents.  the third round of these talks should have been held recently in caracas, but opposition representatives refused to take part in them after a left-wing trade union\'s headquarters was subjected to artillery bombardment resulting in the deaths of at least 10 people.  according to the insurgents, the government decided on dialogue with them solely out of propaganda considerations, with no intention of reaching any agreement.  sunday\'s offensive was thus an attempt on their part to show themselves to be a force to be reckoned with.    in the opinion of observers, however, events in san salvador practically rule out all hopes of success for future talks between the government and representatives of the insurgents.  moreover, the fighting in the salvadoran capital, a reuter correspondent believes, dealt the fragile peace settlement process in central america a considerable blow.</s>', 'start_gold': 467, 'end_gold': 479, 'gold': ' believes, dealt the fragile peace settlement process in central america', 'candidates': [(101, 103, ' artillery and', 6.548450469970703), (101, 101, '', 1.012319803237915), (82, 103, " government troops, were the epicenter of sunday's events.  the intense firefight involving artillery and", 4.6163225173950195)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>that is the position of the salvadoran government.  with the information it has, the government cannot point the finger at anyone. it cannot accuse anyone yet, because there is no conclusive evidence in this case.  we believe there may be some people who can cooperate with us if we help them.  there may be some witnesses, who may be willing to cooperate, but they may not be available right now.  (words indistinct) he said he was willing to help.  they wanted the investigations to take place.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) well, i believe much depends on the position of the fmln.  i have listened to several versions all the way from demanding my resignation to assassination attempts against me to finish everything up.  under these terms, they are saying we are about to create a new lebanon, and they are saying the fmln has control over certain liberated areas in the capital.  however, if we talked about the situation rationally and reasonably, there could be (word indistinct).    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) well, we have talked about the air force situation in the past.  the air force has orders not to bomb and not to use its weapons against urban areas of the capital unless it has been able to detect and isolate a clear fmln target.  in this regard, air force bombs were not used until last night when air force planes were attacked from some sugarcane fields north of the 1533 landing strip (16-second break in reception)...use bombs to stop the use of fmln mortars.  the air force used machineguns (words indistinct) the only time they were used within the urban area, to be sure they were not endangering anyone, were two mortars installed in the soccer field of the national university.  (words indistinct) one was fired at the police battalion in zacamil neighborhood, and the other was firing at the 1st brigade.  (words indistinct) i believe that among the weapons that were seized, there are some of that.  i am not too sure.    in the (words indistinct), near the san jacinto hill were used to support troops that were using the san jacinto hill.  we believe it was the fmln withrawing (words indistinct) in santa marta. up to now, the position of the armed forces staff and the high command in the use of the air force is only (words indistinct) and when specific targets can be isolated in which the civilian population is not endangered.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) i do not have it with me right now, but there will be a report on the military situation (words indistinct) by the high command tonight.  (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(505, 510, ' fmln withraw', 1.3487601280212402), (505, 520, ' fmln withrawing (words indistinct) in santa mart', 0.7294080257415771), (505, 521, ' fmln withrawing (words indistinct) in santa marta', -0.2854790687561035)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>that is the position of the salvadoran government.  with the information it has, the government cannot point the finger at anyone. it cannot accuse anyone yet, because there is no conclusive evidence in this case.  we believe there may be some people who can cooperate with us if we help them.  there may be some witnesses, who may be willing to cooperate, but they may not be available right now.  (words indistinct) he said he was willing to help.  they wanted the investigations to take place.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) well, i believe much depends on the position of the fmln.  i have listened to several versions all the way from demanding my resignation to assassination attempts against me to finish everything up.  under these terms, they are saying we are about to create a new lebanon, and they are saying the fmln has control over certain liberated areas in the capital.  however, if we talked about the situation rationally and reasonably, there could be (word indistinct).    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) well, we have talked about the air force situation in the past.  the air force has orders not to bomb and not to use its weapons against urban areas of the capital unless it has been able to detect and isolate a clear fmln target.  in this regard, air force bombs were not used until last night when air force planes were attacked from some sugarcane fields north of the 1533 landing strip (16-second break in reception)...use bombs to stop the use of fmln mortars.  the air force used machineguns (words indistinct) the only time they were used within the urban area, to be sure they were not endangering anyone, were two mortars installed in the soccer field of the national university.  (words indistinct) one was fired at the police battalion in zacamil neighborhood, and the other was firing at the 1st brigade.  (words indistinct) i believe that among the weapons that were seized, there are some of that.  i am not too sure.    in the (words indistinct), near the san jacinto hill were used to support troops that were using the san jacinto hill.  we believe it was the fmln withrawing (words indistinct) in santa marta. up to now, the position of the armed forces staff and the high command in the use of the air force is only (words indistinct) and when specific targets can be isolated in which the civilian population is not endangered.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) i do not have it with me right now, but there will be a report on the military situation (words indistinct) by the high command tonight.  (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(504, 510, ' the fmln withraw', 0.7775425314903259), (504, 520, ' the fmln withrawing (words indistinct) in santa mart', -0.3199028968811035), (504, 521, ' the fmln withrawing (words indistinct) in santa marta', -1.4653197526931763)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>that is the position of the salvadoran government.  with the information it has, the government cannot point the finger at anyone. it cannot accuse anyone yet, because there is no conclusive evidence in this case.  we believe there may be some people who can cooperate with us if we help them.  there may be some witnesses, who may be willing to cooperate, but they may not be available right now.  (words indistinct) he said he was willing to help.  they wanted the investigations to take place.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) well, i believe much depends on the position of the fmln.  i have listened to several versions all the way from demanding my resignation to assassination attempts against me to finish everything up.  under these terms, they are saying we are about to create a new lebanon, and they are saying the fmln has control over certain liberated areas in the capital.  however, if we talked about the situation rationally and reasonably, there could be (word indistinct).    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) well, we have talked about the air force situation in the past.  the air force has orders not to bomb and not to use its weapons against urban areas of the capital unless it has been able to detect and isolate a clear fmln target.  in this regard, air force bombs were not used until last night when air force planes were attacked from some sugarcane fields north of the 1533 landing strip (16-second break in reception)...use bombs to stop the use of fmln mortars.  the air force used machineguns (words indistinct) the only time they were used within the urban area, to be sure they were not endangering anyone, were two mortars installed in the soccer field of the national university.  (words indistinct) one was fired at the police battalion in zacamil neighborhood, and the other was firing at the 1st brigade.  (words indistinct) i believe that among the weapons that were seized, there are some of that.  i am not too sure.    in the (words indistinct), near the san jacinto hill were used to support troops that were using the san jacinto hill.  we believe it was the fmln withrawing (words indistinct) in santa marta. up to now, the position of the armed forces staff and the high command in the use of the air force is only (words indistinct) and when specific targets can be isolated in which the civilian population is not endangered.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) i do not have it with me right now, but there will be a report on the military situation (words indistinct) by the high command tonight.  (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(560, 564, ' civilian population is not', 1.5326614379882812), (560, 561, ' civilian', 0.4799298048019409), (560, 565, ' civilian population is not endangered', -1.0279805660247803)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>that is the position of the salvadoran government.  with the information it has, the government cannot point the finger at anyone. it cannot accuse anyone yet, because there is no conclusive evidence in this case.  we believe there may be some people who can cooperate with us if we help them.  there may be some witnesses, who may be willing to cooperate, but they may not be available right now.  (words indistinct) he said he was willing to help.  they wanted the investigations to take place.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) well, i believe much depends on the position of the fmln.  i have listened to several versions all the way from demanding my resignation to assassination attempts against me to finish everything up.  under these terms, they are saying we are about to create a new lebanon, and they are saying the fmln has control over certain liberated areas in the capital.  however, if we talked about the situation rationally and reasonably, there could be (word indistinct).    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) well, we have talked about the air force situation in the past.  the air force has orders not to bomb and not to use its weapons against urban areas of the capital unless it has been able to detect and isolate a clear fmln target.  in this regard, air force bombs were not used until last night when air force planes were attacked from some sugarcane fields north of the 1533 landing strip (16-second break in reception)...use bombs to stop the use of fmln mortars.  the air force used machineguns (words indistinct) the only time they were used within the urban area, to be sure they were not endangering anyone, were two mortars installed in the soccer field of the national university.  (words indistinct) one was fired at the police battalion in zacamil neighborhood, and the other was firing at the 1st brigade.  (words indistinct) i believe that among the weapons that were seized, there are some of that.  i am not too sure.    in the (words indistinct), near the san jacinto hill were used to support troops that were using the san jacinto hill.  we believe it was the fmln withrawing (words indistinct) in santa marta. up to now, the position of the armed forces staff and the high command in the use of the air force is only (words indistinct) and when specific targets can be isolated in which the civilian population is not endangered.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) i do not have it with me right now, but there will be a report on the military situation (words indistinct) by the high command tonight.  (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(560, 561, ' civilian', -2.9060070514678955), (560, 564, ' civilian population is not', -4.142114639282227), (560, 565, ' civilian population is not endangered', -4.786540985107422)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>that is the position of the salvadoran government.  with the information it has, the government cannot point the finger at anyone. it cannot accuse anyone yet, because there is no conclusive evidence in this case.  we believe there may be some people who can cooperate with us if we help them.  there may be some witnesses, who may be willing to cooperate, but they may not be available right now.  (words indistinct) he said he was willing to help.  they wanted the investigations to take place.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) well, i believe much depends on the position of the fmln.  i have listened to several versions all the way from demanding my resignation to assassination attempts against me to finish everything up.  under these terms, they are saying we are about to create a new lebanon, and they are saying the fmln has control over certain liberated areas in the capital.  however, if we talked about the situation rationally and reasonably, there could be (word indistinct).    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) well, we have talked about the air force situation in the past.  the air force has orders not to bomb and not to use its weapons against urban areas of the capital unless it has been able to detect and isolate a clear fmln target.  in this regard, air force bombs were not used until last night when air force planes were attacked from some sugarcane fields north of the 1533 landing strip (16-second break in reception)...use bombs to stop the use of fmln mortars.  the air force used machineguns (words indistinct) the only time they were used within the urban area, to be sure they were not endangering anyone, were two mortars installed in the soccer field of the national university.  (words indistinct) one was fired at the police battalion in zacamil neighborhood, and the other was firing at the 1st brigade.  (words indistinct) i believe that among the weapons that were seized, there are some of that.  i am not too sure.    in the (words indistinct), near the san jacinto hill were used to support troops that were using the san jacinto hill.  we believe it was the fmln withrawing (words indistinct) in santa marta. up to now, the position of the armed forces staff and the high command in the use of the air force is only (words indistinct) and when specific targets can be isolated in which the civilian population is not endangered.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (cristiani) i do not have it with me right now, but there will be a report on the military situation (words indistinct) by the high command tonight.  (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(14, 18, ' the salvadoran', 0.8605364561080933), (15, 18, ' salvadoran', 0.6355164051055908), (476, 496, ' near the san jacinto hill were used to support troops that were using the san jacinto', -0.6625799536705017)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>a fascist ideology has infiltrated the white house and no one should be surprised because it coincides with the arena (nationalist republican alliance) ideology.  the u.s.  government has acknowledged the bombings after cynically saying it knew nothing about them.  however, that acknowledgement is even more hair-raising than the denial.  hear us well: the u.s. government has stated that it supports the government troops' efforts to crush the offensive which has caused so many personal tragedies; and it praised the army for decreeing strict laws to prevent civilian casualties.    we also hear the pet expression that the fmln is using civilians to protect its fighters, and the principle of removing the people from their environment is unscrupulously applied once more.  this is why the northern part of the country was destroyed, leaving entire towns in ruins -- and now large areas of the country's most important cities are being destroyed.  one day those ruins will become the evidence we will show our children to prove that fascism once existed in the country.    however, the u.s. imperialism's clumsiness goes even further.  the north americans apparently want to become involved in a large-scale conflict -- for the sake of a few death squad members who have already earned the world's scorn -- given the decision to send u.s.  pilots to bomb the civilian population by night.  the fascist salvadoran dictatorship has unleashed the brutal tactics used by somoza before leaving power.  on that occasion the u.s. imperialism turned its back on the tyrant.    the united states' foreign policy have never stooped so low and the decisions adopted by the u.s. government have never brought the possibility of a regional conflict so close.  what does the nicaraguan government think about the airplanes being flown by u.s.  pilots only a few hundred km from its border?  what will happen if guatemala continues to involve itself in the salvadoran conflict?  the consequences are unforeseeable.  the u.s. imperialism has soiled its hands with a new genocide in el salvador.  the u.s. people should deeply reflect about this and stop their government from provoking contempt of that nation -- which is being disinformed and intoxicated by the anti-communist propaganda.    large groups of abraham lincoln's people, the best sons of the united states, have reacted and have taken to the streets --deep inside the u.s. imperialism's heart.  soon, very soon, this will become an unstoppable surge.  the u.s. government's strategic goal is clear: the salvadoran people.  the u.s. government wants the salvadoran people to (words indistinct).  to quote monsignor (oscar arnulfo) romero, the army -- and in this case the north americans -- are like serpents, which only bite the shoeless.  yet they do not know that the people have risen in anger and dignity, and they are coming to pull out the fascist serpent's fangs.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(597, 620, ' the army -- and in this case the north americans -- are like serpents, which only bite the sho', 4.739319324493408), (597, 613, ' the army -- and in this case the north americans -- are like serp', 4.387917518615723), (597, 607, ' the army -- and in this case the north americ', 3.8334338665008545)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>a fascist ideology has infiltrated the white house and no one should be surprised because it coincides with the arena (nationalist republican alliance) ideology.  the u.s.  government has acknowledged the bombings after cynically saying it knew nothing about them.  however, that acknowledgement is even more hair-raising than the denial.  hear us well: the u.s. government has stated that it supports the government troops' efforts to crush the offensive which has caused so many personal tragedies; and it praised the army for decreeing strict laws to prevent civilian casualties.    we also hear the pet expression that the fmln is using civilians to protect its fighters, and the principle of removing the people from their environment is unscrupulously applied once more.  this is why the northern part of the country was destroyed, leaving entire towns in ruins -- and now large areas of the country's most important cities are being destroyed.  one day those ruins will become the evidence we will show our children to prove that fascism once existed in the country.    however, the u.s. imperialism's clumsiness goes even further.  the north americans apparently want to become involved in a large-scale conflict -- for the sake of a few death squad members who have already earned the world's scorn -- given the decision to send u.s.  pilots to bomb the civilian population by night.  the fascist salvadoran dictatorship has unleashed the brutal tactics used by somoza before leaving power.  on that occasion the u.s. imperialism turned its back on the tyrant.    the united states' foreign policy have never stooped so low and the decisions adopted by the u.s. government have never brought the possibility of a regional conflict so close.  what does the nicaraguan government think about the airplanes being flown by u.s.  pilots only a few hundred km from its border?  what will happen if guatemala continues to involve itself in the salvadoran conflict?  the consequences are unforeseeable.  the u.s. imperialism has soiled its hands with a new genocide in el salvador.  the u.s. people should deeply reflect about this and stop their government from provoking contempt of that nation -- which is being disinformed and intoxicated by the anti-communist propaganda.    large groups of abraham lincoln's people, the best sons of the united states, have reacted and have taken to the streets --deep inside the u.s. imperialism's heart.  soon, very soon, this will become an unstoppable surge.  the u.s. government's strategic goal is clear: the salvadoran people.  the u.s. government wants the salvadoran people to (words indistinct).  to quote monsignor (oscar arnulfo) romero, the army -- and in this case the north americans -- are like serpents, which only bite the shoeless.  yet they do not know that the people have risen in anger and dignity, and they are coming to pull out the fascist serpent's fangs.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(597, 620, ' the army -- and in this case the north americans -- are like serpents, which only bite the sho', 2.977586269378662), (597, 613, ' the army -- and in this case the north americans -- are like serp', 2.5786685943603516), (597, 607, ' the army -- and in this case the north americ', 2.5502281188964844)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>a fascist ideology has infiltrated the white house and no one should be surprised because it coincides with the arena (nationalist republican alliance) ideology.  the u.s.  government has acknowledged the bombings after cynically saying it knew nothing about them.  however, that acknowledgement is even more hair-raising than the denial.  hear us well: the u.s. government has stated that it supports the government troops' efforts to crush the offensive which has caused so many personal tragedies; and it praised the army for decreeing strict laws to prevent civilian casualties.    we also hear the pet expression that the fmln is using civilians to protect its fighters, and the principle of removing the people from their environment is unscrupulously applied once more.  this is why the northern part of the country was destroyed, leaving entire towns in ruins -- and now large areas of the country's most important cities are being destroyed.  one day those ruins will become the evidence we will show our children to prove that fascism once existed in the country.    however, the u.s. imperialism's clumsiness goes even further.  the north americans apparently want to become involved in a large-scale conflict -- for the sake of a few death squad members who have already earned the world's scorn -- given the decision to send u.s.  pilots to bomb the civilian population by night.  the fascist salvadoran dictatorship has unleashed the brutal tactics used by somoza before leaving power.  on that occasion the u.s. imperialism turned its back on the tyrant.    the united states' foreign policy have never stooped so low and the decisions adopted by the u.s. government have never brought the possibility of a regional conflict so close.  what does the nicaraguan government think about the airplanes being flown by u.s.  pilots only a few hundred km from its border?  what will happen if guatemala continues to involve itself in the salvadoran conflict?  the consequences are unforeseeable.  the u.s. imperialism has soiled its hands with a new genocide in el salvador.  the u.s. people should deeply reflect about this and stop their government from provoking contempt of that nation -- which is being disinformed and intoxicated by the anti-communist propaganda.    large groups of abraham lincoln's people, the best sons of the united states, have reacted and have taken to the streets --deep inside the u.s. imperialism's heart.  soon, very soon, this will become an unstoppable surge.  the u.s. government's strategic goal is clear: the salvadoran people.  the u.s. government wants the salvadoran people to (words indistinct).  to quote monsignor (oscar arnulfo) romero, the army -- and in this case the north americans -- are like serpents, which only bite the shoeless.  yet they do not know that the people have risen in anger and dignity, and they are coming to pull out the fascist serpent's fangs.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(489, 497, " large groups of abraham lincoln's", -1.1439623832702637), (489, 514, " large groups of abraham lincoln's people, the best sons of the united states, have reacted and have taken to the", -1.7432392835617065), (489, 505, " large groups of abraham lincoln's people, the best sons of the united", -1.9018313884735107)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>a fascist ideology has infiltrated the white house and no one should be surprised because it coincides with the arena (nationalist republican alliance) ideology.  the u.s.  government has acknowledged the bombings after cynically saying it knew nothing about them.  however, that acknowledgement is even more hair-raising than the denial.  hear us well: the u.s. government has stated that it supports the government troops' efforts to crush the offensive which has caused so many personal tragedies; and it praised the army for decreeing strict laws to prevent civilian casualties.    we also hear the pet expression that the fmln is using civilians to protect its fighters, and the principle of removing the people from their environment is unscrupulously applied once more.  this is why the northern part of the country was destroyed, leaving entire towns in ruins -- and now large areas of the country's most important cities are being destroyed.  one day those ruins will become the evidence we will show our children to prove that fascism once existed in the country.    however, the u.s. imperialism's clumsiness goes even further.  the north americans apparently want to become involved in a large-scale conflict -- for the sake of a few death squad members who have already earned the world's scorn -- given the decision to send u.s.  pilots to bomb the civilian population by night.  the fascist salvadoran dictatorship has unleashed the brutal tactics used by somoza before leaving power.  on that occasion the u.s. imperialism turned its back on the tyrant.    the united states' foreign policy have never stooped so low and the decisions adopted by the u.s. government have never brought the possibility of a regional conflict so close.  what does the nicaraguan government think about the airplanes being flown by u.s.  pilots only a few hundred km from its border?  what will happen if guatemala continues to involve itself in the salvadoran conflict?  the consequences are unforeseeable.  the u.s. imperialism has soiled its hands with a new genocide in el salvador.  the u.s. people should deeply reflect about this and stop their government from provoking contempt of that nation -- which is being disinformed and intoxicated by the anti-communist propaganda.    large groups of abraham lincoln's people, the best sons of the united states, have reacted and have taken to the streets --deep inside the u.s. imperialism's heart.  soon, very soon, this will become an unstoppable surge.  the u.s. government's strategic goal is clear: the salvadoran people.  the u.s. government wants the salvadoran people to (words indistinct).  to quote monsignor (oscar arnulfo) romero, the army -- and in this case the north americans -- are like serpents, which only bite the shoeless.  yet they do not know that the people have risen in anger and dignity, and they are coming to pull out the fascist serpent's fangs.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(603, 606, ' the north americ', 2.9135684967041016), (603, 619, ' the north americans -- are like serpents, which only bite the sho', 2.435769557952881), (603, 607, ' the north americans', 0.31405389308929443)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>a fascist ideology has infiltrated the white house and no one should be surprised because it coincides with the arena (nationalist republican alliance) ideology.  the u.s.  government has acknowledged the bombings after cynically saying it knew nothing about them.  however, that acknowledgement is even more hair-raising than the denial.  hear us well: the u.s. government has stated that it supports the government troops' efforts to crush the offensive which has caused so many personal tragedies; and it praised the army for decreeing strict laws to prevent civilian casualties.    we also hear the pet expression that the fmln is using civilians to protect its fighters, and the principle of removing the people from their environment is unscrupulously applied once more.  this is why the northern part of the country was destroyed, leaving entire towns in ruins -- and now large areas of the country's most important cities are being destroyed.  one day those ruins will become the evidence we will show our children to prove that fascism once existed in the country.    however, the u.s. imperialism's clumsiness goes even further.  the north americans apparently want to become involved in a large-scale conflict -- for the sake of a few death squad members who have already earned the world's scorn -- given the decision to send u.s.  pilots to bomb the civilian population by night.  the fascist salvadoran dictatorship has unleashed the brutal tactics used by somoza before leaving power.  on that occasion the u.s. imperialism turned its back on the tyrant.    the united states' foreign policy have never stooped so low and the decisions adopted by the u.s. government have never brought the possibility of a regional conflict so close.  what does the nicaraguan government think about the airplanes being flown by u.s.  pilots only a few hundred km from its border?  what will happen if guatemala continues to involve itself in the salvadoran conflict?  the consequences are unforeseeable.  the u.s. imperialism has soiled its hands with a new genocide in el salvador.  the u.s. people should deeply reflect about this and stop their government from provoking contempt of that nation -- which is being disinformed and intoxicated by the anti-communist propaganda.    large groups of abraham lincoln's people, the best sons of the united states, have reacted and have taken to the streets --deep inside the u.s. imperialism's heart.  soon, very soon, this will become an unstoppable surge.  the u.s. government's strategic goal is clear: the salvadoran people.  the u.s. government wants the salvadoran people to (words indistinct).  to quote monsignor (oscar arnulfo) romero, the army -- and in this case the north americans -- are like serpents, which only bite the shoeless.  yet they do not know that the people have risen in anger and dignity, and they are coming to pull out the fascist serpent's fangs.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(596, 619, ' the army -- and in this case the north americans -- are like serpents, which only bite the sho', -0.24075525999069214), (596, 606, ' the army -- and in this case the north americ', -0.30414140224456787), (596, 612, ' the army -- and in this case the north americans -- are like serp', -0.6791784763336182)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the salvadoran armed forces and security corps have inflicted the following casualties on the enemy:  784 dead, 357 wounded.  the armed forces also seized the following equipment: 376 rifles, 3 carbines, 11 shotguns, 83 rocket launchers, 26 mortars, 8 machineguns, 17 submachineguns, 31 pistols, 17 radios.    this has been a report on the casualties inflicted by our glorious armed forces on the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) criminal terrorists.  the report included the war materiel seized in the last few hours from the fmln communists.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(111, 112, ' criminal', 12.35045051574707), (111, 134, ' criminal terrorists.  the report included the war materiel seized in the last few hours from the fmln communists', 7.193883419036865), (111, 113, ' criminal terrorists', 7.19382905960083)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the salvadoran armed forces and security corps have inflicted the following casualties on the enemy:  784 dead, 357 wounded.  the armed forces also seized the following equipment: 376 rifles, 3 carbines, 11 shotguns, 83 rocket launchers, 26 mortars, 8 machineguns, 17 submachineguns, 31 pistols, 17 radios.    this has been a report on the casualties inflicted by our glorious armed forces on the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) criminal terrorists.  the report included the war materiel seized in the last few hours from the fmln communists.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(111, 112, ' criminal', 11.482994079589844), (111, 133, ' criminal terrorists.  the report included the war materiel seized in the last few hours from the fmln', 7.815844535827637), (111, 134, ' criminal terrorists.  the report included the war materiel seized in the last few hours from the fmln communists', 7.003968238830566)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the salvadoran armed forces and security corps have inflicted the following casualties on the enemy:  784 dead, 357 wounded.  the armed forces also seized the following equipment: 376 rifles, 3 carbines, 11 shotguns, 83 rocket launchers, 26 mortars, 8 machineguns, 17 submachineguns, 31 pistols, 17 radios.    this has been a report on the casualties inflicted by our glorious armed forces on the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) criminal terrorists.  the report included the war materiel seized in the last few hours from the fmln communists.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(97, 111, ' fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) criminal', 4.42744255065918), (97, 99, ' fml', 1.6505093574523926), (97, 109, ' fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front', 0.29422152042388916)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the salvadoran armed forces and security corps have inflicted the following casualties on the enemy:  784 dead, 357 wounded.  the armed forces also seized the following equipment: 376 rifles, 3 carbines, 11 shotguns, 83 rocket launchers, 26 mortars, 8 machineguns, 17 submachineguns, 31 pistols, 17 radios.    this has been a report on the casualties inflicted by our glorious armed forces on the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) criminal terrorists.  the report included the war materiel seized in the last few hours from the fmln communists.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(110, 111, ' criminal', 9.789830207824707), (110, 133, ' criminal terrorists.  the report included the war materiel seized in the last few hours from the fmln communists', 5.427751064300537), (110, 112, ' criminal terrorists', 5.4275126457214355)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the salvadoran armed forces and security corps have inflicted the following casualties on the enemy:  784 dead, 357 wounded.  the armed forces also seized the following equipment: 376 rifles, 3 carbines, 11 shotguns, 83 rocket launchers, 26 mortars, 8 machineguns, 17 submachineguns, 31 pistols, 17 radios.    this has been a report on the casualties inflicted by our glorious armed forces on the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) criminal terrorists.  the report included the war materiel seized in the last few hours from the fmln communists.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(45, 70, ' 376 rifles, 3 carbines, 11 shotguns, 83 rocket launchers, 26 mortars, 8 machineguns, 17 submachine', 2.8599984645843506), (45, 65, ' 376 rifles, 3 carbines, 11 shotguns, 83 rocket launchers, 26 mortars, 8 machine', 2.5762858390808105), (45, 57, ' 376 rifles, 3 carbines, 11 shotguns, 83 rocket', 2.3780808448791504)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>approximately 1,000 people demonstrated today at the burgos main square (central) to ask the spanish government to mediate in the salvadoran conflict, and in barcelona (northeastern), a demonstration to express support for the salvadoran people has been scheduled for 22 november.    the demonstrators, convoked by the solidarity with latin america committee, verbally attacked salvadoran president alfredo cristiani and have asked the spanish government to offer itself as a mediator to promote an end the armed conflict.    some of the people who attended the demonstration, which was held without incidents, carried placarts denouncing the killing of six jesuit priests -- five of whom were spanish citizens -- and two salvadoran women at the central american university.    meanwhile, civic organizations, student associations, labor unions, and political parties in cataluna have scheduled a demonstration in support of the salvadoran people to be held in barcelona on 22 november.    these organizations, which have formed an emergency committee, have opened an account at the "la caixa" savings bank where economic donations are being accepted to help the salvadoran people.    in a manifesto released, the committee demands an end to the bombing of civilians, the immediate evacuation of the wounded, and an end to attacks against the union headquarters and leaders.    likewise, the committee has demanded an end to u.s. intervention in el salvador and that the guatemalan and honduran armies refrain from participating in the conflict.    "we ask the spanish government institutions and the eec to pressure the salvadoran government to begin a real negotiation that will an end to the conflict and its causes, the manifesto states.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(154, 160, ' five of whom were spanish', 3.682595729827881), (154, 173, ' five of whom were spanish citizens -- and two salvadoran women at the central american', 1.6479742527008057), (154, 167, ' five of whom were spanish citizens -- and two salvadoran', 1.623407006263733)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>approximately 1,000 people demonstrated today at the burgos main square (central) to ask the spanish government to mediate in the salvadoran conflict, and in barcelona (northeastern), a demonstration to express support for the salvadoran people has been scheduled for 22 november.    the demonstrators, convoked by the solidarity with latin america committee, verbally attacked salvadoran president alfredo cristiani and have asked the spanish government to offer itself as a mediator to promote an end the armed conflict.    some of the people who attended the demonstration, which was held without incidents, carried placarts denouncing the killing of six jesuit priests -- five of whom were spanish citizens -- and two salvadoran women at the central american university.    meanwhile, civic organizations, student associations, labor unions, and political parties in cataluna have scheduled a demonstration in support of the salvadoran people to be held in barcelona on 22 november.    these organizations, which have formed an emergency committee, have opened an account at the "la caixa" savings bank where economic donations are being accepted to help the salvadoran people.    in a manifesto released, the committee demands an end to the bombing of civilians, the immediate evacuation of the wounded, and an end to attacks against the union headquarters and leaders.    likewise, the committee has demanded an end to u.s. intervention in el salvador and that the guatemalan and honduran armies refrain from participating in the conflict.    "we ask the spanish government institutions and the eec to pressure the salvadoran government to begin a real negotiation that will an end to the conflict and its causes, the manifesto states.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(180, 191, ' civic organizations, student associations, labor unions, and political', 3.83315372467041), (180, 187, ' civic organizations, student associations, labor', 0.9372555017471313), (180, 195, ' civic organizations, student associations, labor unions, and political parties in catal', 0.8844690918922424)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>approximately 1,000 people demonstrated today at the burgos main square (central) to ask the spanish government to mediate in the salvadoran conflict, and in barcelona (northeastern), a demonstration to express support for the salvadoran people has been scheduled for 22 november.    the demonstrators, convoked by the solidarity with latin america committee, verbally attacked salvadoran president alfredo cristiani and have asked the spanish government to offer itself as a mediator to promote an end the armed conflict.    some of the people who attended the demonstration, which was held without incidents, carried placarts denouncing the killing of six jesuit priests -- five of whom were spanish citizens -- and two salvadoran women at the central american university.    meanwhile, civic organizations, student associations, labor unions, and political parties in cataluna have scheduled a demonstration in support of the salvadoran people to be held in barcelona on 22 november.    these organizations, which have formed an emergency committee, have opened an account at the "la caixa" savings bank where economic donations are being accepted to help the salvadoran people.    in a manifesto released, the committee demands an end to the bombing of civilians, the immediate evacuation of the wounded, and an end to attacks against the union headquarters and leaders.    likewise, the committee has demanded an end to u.s. intervention in el salvador and that the guatemalan and honduran armies refrain from participating in the conflict.    "we ask the spanish government institutions and the eec to pressure the salvadoran government to begin a real negotiation that will an end to the conflict and its causes, the manifesto states.</s>', 'start_gold': 1351, 'end_gold': 1363, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(293, 296, ' union headquarters and', 10.778223037719727), (293, 297, ' union headquarters and leaders', 7.452877044677734), (293, 294, ' union', 6.266317844390869)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>approximately 1,000 people demonstrated today at the burgos main square (central) to ask the spanish government to mediate in the salvadoran conflict, and in barcelona (northeastern), a demonstration to express support for the salvadoran people has been scheduled for 22 november.    the demonstrators, convoked by the solidarity with latin america committee, verbally attacked salvadoran president alfredo cristiani and have asked the spanish government to offer itself as a mediator to promote an end the armed conflict.    some of the people who attended the demonstration, which was held without incidents, carried placarts denouncing the killing of six jesuit priests -- five of whom were spanish citizens -- and two salvadoran women at the central american university.    meanwhile, civic organizations, student associations, labor unions, and political parties in cataluna have scheduled a demonstration in support of the salvadoran people to be held in barcelona on 22 november.    these organizations, which have formed an emergency committee, have opened an account at the "la caixa" savings bank where economic donations are being accepted to help the salvadoran people.    in a manifesto released, the committee demands an end to the bombing of civilians, the immediate evacuation of the wounded, and an end to attacks against the union headquarters and leaders.    likewise, the committee has demanded an end to u.s. intervention in el salvador and that the guatemalan and honduran armies refrain from participating in the conflict.    "we ask the spanish government institutions and the eec to pressure the salvadoran government to begin a real negotiation that will an end to the conflict and its causes, the manifesto states.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(147, 172, ' six jesuit priests -- five of whom were spanish citizens -- and two salvadoran women at the central american', 10.650318145751953), (147, 166, ' six jesuit priests -- five of whom were spanish citizens -- and two salvadoran', 10.44314193725586), (147, 151, ' six jesuit', 10.139034271240234)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>approximately 1,000 people demonstrated today at the burgos main square (central) to ask the spanish government to mediate in the salvadoran conflict, and in barcelona (northeastern), a demonstration to express support for the salvadoran people has been scheduled for 22 november.    the demonstrators, convoked by the solidarity with latin america committee, verbally attacked salvadoran president alfredo cristiani and have asked the spanish government to offer itself as a mediator to promote an end the armed conflict.    some of the people who attended the demonstration, which was held without incidents, carried placarts denouncing the killing of six jesuit priests -- five of whom were spanish citizens -- and two salvadoran women at the central american university.    meanwhile, civic organizations, student associations, labor unions, and political parties in cataluna have scheduled a demonstration in support of the salvadoran people to be held in barcelona on 22 november.    these organizations, which have formed an emergency committee, have opened an account at the "la caixa" savings bank where economic donations are being accepted to help the salvadoran people.    in a manifesto released, the committee demands an end to the bombing of civilians, the immediate evacuation of the wounded, and an end to attacks against the union headquarters and leaders.    likewise, the committee has demanded an end to u.s. intervention in el salvador and that the guatemalan and honduran armies refrain from participating in the conflict.    "we ask the spanish government institutions and the eec to pressure the salvadoran government to begin a real negotiation that will an end to the conflict and its causes, the manifesto states.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(322, 329, ' guatemalan and honduran', 8.822919845581055), (322, 328, ' guatemalan and hond', 4.632199764251709), (322, 335, ' guatemalan and honduran armies refrain from participating in the', 3.130119562149048)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>president vinicio cerezo has tacitly blamed president alfredo cristiani's administration for the crisis which prevails in the country as a result of the farabundo marti national liberation front's (fmln) offensive which was launched on saturday 11 november.    cerezo attended the conclusion of a seminar sponsored by the central american institute for political studies (incep) on 17 november.  the event was held at 2100 at the guatemala fiesta hotel.    the new central american vice president of the christian democratic organization of america (odca) was sworn in at the event.  carlos morales ehrlich, of el salvador, was replaced by professor catalina soberanis, of guatemala.    during his speech morales ehrlich blamed the extreme right death squads of el salvador for the assassination of six jesuit priests at the central american university.    during his speech, which was more like an informal chat, president cerezo attributed the situation which prevails in el salvador to president cristiani's inefficiency.</s>", 'start_gold': 741, 'end_gold': 756, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(188, 191, ' extreme right death', 5.9824934005737305), (188, 195, ' extreme right death squads of el salv', 1.3547497987747192), (188, 204, ' extreme right death squads of el salvador for the assassination of six jesuit', 0.5781576633453369)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>president vinicio cerezo has tacitly blamed president alfredo cristiani's administration for the crisis which prevails in the country as a result of the farabundo marti national liberation front's (fmln) offensive which was launched on saturday 11 november.    cerezo attended the conclusion of a seminar sponsored by the central american institute for political studies (incep) on 17 november.  the event was held at 2100 at the guatemala fiesta hotel.    the new central american vice president of the christian democratic organization of america (odca) was sworn in at the event.  carlos morales ehrlich, of el salvador, was replaced by professor catalina soberanis, of guatemala.    during his speech morales ehrlich blamed the extreme right death squads of el salvador for the assassination of six jesuit priests at the central american university.    during his speech, which was more like an informal chat, president cerezo attributed the situation which prevails in el salvador to president cristiani's inefficiency.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(188, 191, ' extreme right death', 7.500662803649902), (188, 195, ' extreme right death squads of el salv', 2.9449844360351562), (188, 204, ' extreme right death squads of el salvador for the assassination of six jesuit', 1.9660900831222534)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>president vinicio cerezo has tacitly blamed president alfredo cristiani's administration for the crisis which prevails in the country as a result of the farabundo marti national liberation front's (fmln) offensive which was launched on saturday 11 november.    cerezo attended the conclusion of a seminar sponsored by the central american institute for political studies (incep) on 17 november.  the event was held at 2100 at the guatemala fiesta hotel.    the new central american vice president of the christian democratic organization of america (odca) was sworn in at the event.  carlos morales ehrlich, of el salvador, was replaced by professor catalina soberanis, of guatemala.    during his speech morales ehrlich blamed the extreme right death squads of el salvador for the assassination of six jesuit priests at the central american university.    during his speech, which was more like an informal chat, president cerezo attributed the situation which prevails in el salvador to president cristiani's inefficiency.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(189, 190, ' death', 3.876214027404785), (189, 203, ' death squads of el salvador for the assassination of six jesuit', 2.2360846996307373), (189, 209, ' death squads of el salvador for the assassination of six jesuit priests at the central american', 1.2870571613311768)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>president vinicio cerezo has tacitly blamed president alfredo cristiani's administration for the crisis which prevails in the country as a result of the farabundo marti national liberation front's (fmln) offensive which was launched on saturday 11 november.    cerezo attended the conclusion of a seminar sponsored by the central american institute for political studies (incep) on 17 november.  the event was held at 2100 at the guatemala fiesta hotel.    the new central american vice president of the christian democratic organization of america (odca) was sworn in at the event.  carlos morales ehrlich, of el salvador, was replaced by professor catalina soberanis, of guatemala.    during his speech morales ehrlich blamed the extreme right death squads of el salvador for the assassination of six jesuit priests at the central american university.    during his speech, which was more like an informal chat, president cerezo attributed the situation which prevails in el salvador to president cristiani's inefficiency.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(199, 203, ' six jesuit', 9.393739700317383), (199, 209, ' six jesuit priests at the central american', 6.520965099334717), (199, 210, ' six jesuit priests at the central american university', 5.330852508544922)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>president vinicio cerezo has tacitly blamed president alfredo cristiani's administration for the crisis which prevails in the country as a result of the farabundo marti national liberation front's (fmln) offensive which was launched on saturday 11 november.    cerezo attended the conclusion of a seminar sponsored by the central american institute for political studies (incep) on 17 november.  the event was held at 2100 at the guatemala fiesta hotel.    the new central american vice president of the christian democratic organization of america (odca) was sworn in at the event.  carlos morales ehrlich, of el salvador, was replaced by professor catalina soberanis, of guatemala.    during his speech morales ehrlich blamed the extreme right death squads of el salvador for the assassination of six jesuit priests at the central american university.    during his speech, which was more like an informal chat, president cerezo attributed the situation which prevails in el salvador to president cristiani's inefficiency.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(189, 190, ' death', 9.734573364257812), (189, 194, ' death squads of el salv', 3.844608783721924), (189, 189, '', 1.4028189182281494)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>heavy clashes are taking place right now in escalon and san benito residential areas.  there is no going back.  we have broken the defensive lines of the enemy.  we have broken (words indistinct) in the capital city, we are fighting in front of the dens of colonel ponce and other officers who have turned the war into a business. those officers have luxurious mansions in miami.  every weekend and even in spite of the war, col ponce has orgies in his luxurious homes in the country's interior.  soldiers, patriotic officers, we call on you to join the people and join our front.  patriotic officers, who are listening to us, do not allow more bombings in our capital city by the genocidal tandona group (1966 graduating class of the capt gen gerardo barrios military school).  young officers, lieutenants who are being killed in the residential areas and neighborhoods of the capital city, why should you be killed while defending ponce's mansions?  this is the last scenario of the last chapter in which the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) will achieve the victory of the people.  we call on your conscience, young patriotic officer.    just look at what happened in the bombings of zacamil.  over 500 homes were razed.  are you going to allow the high command to finish off the city, to finish off the neighborhoods and residential areas where your relatives might be?  you saw what happened in zacamil, mejicanos, soyapango.  patriotic officer, it is time we sit down to talk, to see what we can do with our fatherland, and what are we going to do with la tandona.  patriotic officers who are listening to us: it is useless to continue defending; to continue defending what, we ask you.  the fatherland?  what fatherland?  the fatherland you are told you are defending are the millions and the mansions of col ponce and of col elena fuentes.  patriotic officers: the time is here, take one step forward.    we have more reports from san salvador: early this morning, combat has been resumed in the following places: escalon, san benito, and la sultana residential areas.  these attacks are against the soldiers from military detachment no. 6 and the cavalry.  combats are also reported north of ayutuxtepeque, against soldiers from the 4th and 1st infantry brigade.  there are also clashes in the area of metropolis and zacamil neighborhoods against soldiers from the bracamonte battalion.    it is important to point out that in san benito and la sultana residential areas, we are fighting against soldiers from sonsonate, and not from san salvador.  the soldiers are from military detachment no. 6 of sonsonate.  troops from sonsonate have been brought into san salvador, because the high command has lost control of the situation. in other words, there is a mixture of soldiers from all parts of the country in the capital city.  this has yielded negative results for the high command.  in the capital city, there have been clashes between the atlacatl battalion and the national police, and the national guard has attacked troops from military detachment no. 6. these are little soldiers from sonsonate who have been brought into the capital city, and they are not familiar with the city.  they are clashing against each other.    clashes are also reported with the 4th infantry brigade and the 1st infantry brigade in ayutuxtepeque.  in other words, the 4th infantry brigade is fighting in ayutuxtepeque.  what will happen in the interior of the country?  the garrisons have been left empty.  the san francisco gotera garrison has been left without anyone.  the 4th infantry brigade is being left by itself, as well as the military detachment no. 1.  the colonels are desperate and are bringing troops into the capital city.    this is a good report.  the 4th infantry brigade and military detachment no. 6 are in the capital.  this is the situation on this morning of victorious battles.  who would believe it?  the sonsonate soldiers are fighting in the capital city.  this gives us a general picture of the defeat.  if the sonsonate troops are fighting in the last defensive line, this means that the sonsonate lines have been wiped out.    attention, fmln antiaircraft units have opened fire with their m-60 machineguns against uh-1h helicopters that are flying over the residential areas of the oligarchy.  likewise, a helicopter is right now flying over the armed forces general staff offices.  fmln units</s>", 'start_gold': 1277, 'end_gold': 1290, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(499, 508, ' soldiers from military detachment no. 6 and the', 1.885754108428955), (499, 505, ' soldiers from military detachment no.', 1.3792634010314941), (499, 509, ' soldiers from military detachment no. 6 and the cavalry', -0.206964373588562)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>heavy clashes are taking place right now in escalon and san benito residential areas.  there is no going back.  we have broken the defensive lines of the enemy.  we have broken (words indistinct) in the capital city, we are fighting in front of the dens of colonel ponce and other officers who have turned the war into a business. those officers have luxurious mansions in miami.  every weekend and even in spite of the war, col ponce has orgies in his luxurious homes in the country's interior.  soldiers, patriotic officers, we call on you to join the people and join our front.  patriotic officers, who are listening to us, do not allow more bombings in our capital city by the genocidal tandona group (1966 graduating class of the capt gen gerardo barrios military school).  young officers, lieutenants who are being killed in the residential areas and neighborhoods of the capital city, why should you be killed while defending ponce's mansions?  this is the last scenario of the last chapter in which the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) will achieve the victory of the people.  we call on your conscience, young patriotic officer.    just look at what happened in the bombings of zacamil.  over 500 homes were razed.  are you going to allow the high command to finish off the city, to finish off the neighborhoods and residential areas where your relatives might be?  you saw what happened in zacamil, mejicanos, soyapango.  patriotic officer, it is time we sit down to talk, to see what we can do with our fatherland, and what are we going to do with la tandona.  patriotic officers who are listening to us: it is useless to continue defending; to continue defending what, we ask you.  the fatherland?  what fatherland?  the fatherland you are told you are defending are the millions and the mansions of col ponce and of col elena fuentes.  patriotic officers: the time is here, take one step forward.    we have more reports from san salvador: early this morning, combat has been resumed in the following places: escalon, san benito, and la sultana residential areas.  these attacks are against the soldiers from military detachment no. 6 and the cavalry.  combats are also reported north of ayutuxtepeque, against soldiers from the 4th and 1st infantry brigade.  there are also clashes in the area of metropolis and zacamil neighborhoods against soldiers from the bracamonte battalion.    it is important to point out that in san benito and la sultana residential areas, we are fighting against soldiers from sonsonate, and not from san salvador.  the soldiers are from military detachment no. 6 of sonsonate.  troops from sonsonate have been brought into san salvador, because the high command has lost control of the situation. in other words, there is a mixture of soldiers from all parts of the country in the capital city.  this has yielded negative results for the high command.  in the capital city, there have been clashes between the atlacatl battalion and the national police, and the national guard has attacked troops from military detachment no. 6. these are little soldiers from sonsonate who have been brought into the capital city, and they are not familiar with the city.  they are clashing against each other.    clashes are also reported with the 4th infantry brigade and the 1st infantry brigade in ayutuxtepeque.  in other words, the 4th infantry brigade is fighting in ayutuxtepeque.  what will happen in the interior of the country?  the garrisons have been left empty.  the san francisco gotera garrison has been left without anyone.  the 4th infantry brigade is being left by itself, as well as the military detachment no. 1.  the colonels are desperate and are bringing troops into the capital city.    this is a good report.  the 4th infantry brigade and military detachment no. 6 are in the capital.  this is the situation on this morning of victorious battles.  who would believe it?  the sonsonate soldiers are fighting in the capital city.  this gives us a general picture of the defeat.  if the sonsonate troops are fighting in the last defensive line, this means that the sonsonate lines have been wiped out.    attention, fmln antiaircraft units have opened fire with their m-60 machineguns against uh-1h helicopters that are flying over the residential areas of the oligarchy.  likewise, a helicopter is right now flying over the armed forces general staff offices.  fmln units</s>", 'start_gold': 700, 'end_gold': 715, 'gold': ' guard has attacked troops from military detachment no. 6. these are little soldiers', 'candidates': [(499, 508, ' soldiers from military detachment no. 6 and the', 1.899240493774414), (499, 505, ' soldiers from military detachment no.', 1.333303689956665), (499, 509, ' soldiers from military detachment no. 6 and the cavalry', -0.1666884422302246)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>heavy clashes are taking place right now in escalon and san benito residential areas.  there is no going back.  we have broken the defensive lines of the enemy.  we have broken (words indistinct) in the capital city, we are fighting in front of the dens of colonel ponce and other officers who have turned the war into a business. those officers have luxurious mansions in miami.  every weekend and even in spite of the war, col ponce has orgies in his luxurious homes in the country's interior.  soldiers, patriotic officers, we call on you to join the people and join our front.  patriotic officers, who are listening to us, do not allow more bombings in our capital city by the genocidal tandona group (1966 graduating class of the capt gen gerardo barrios military school).  young officers, lieutenants who are being killed in the residential areas and neighborhoods of the capital city, why should you be killed while defending ponce's mansions?  this is the last scenario of the last chapter in which the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) will achieve the victory of the people.  we call on your conscience, young patriotic officer.    just look at what happened in the bombings of zacamil.  over 500 homes were razed.  are you going to allow the high command to finish off the city, to finish off the neighborhoods and residential areas where your relatives might be?  you saw what happened in zacamil, mejicanos, soyapango.  patriotic officer, it is time we sit down to talk, to see what we can do with our fatherland, and what are we going to do with la tandona.  patriotic officers who are listening to us: it is useless to continue defending; to continue defending what, we ask you.  the fatherland?  what fatherland?  the fatherland you are told you are defending are the millions and the mansions of col ponce and of col elena fuentes.  patriotic officers: the time is here, take one step forward.    we have more reports from san salvador: early this morning, combat has been resumed in the following places: escalon, san benito, and la sultana residential areas.  these attacks are against the soldiers from military detachment no. 6 and the cavalry.  combats are also reported north of ayutuxtepeque, against soldiers from the 4th and 1st infantry brigade.  there are also clashes in the area of metropolis and zacamil neighborhoods against soldiers from the bracamonte battalion.    it is important to point out that in san benito and la sultana residential areas, we are fighting against soldiers from sonsonate, and not from san salvador.  the soldiers are from military detachment no. 6 of sonsonate.  troops from sonsonate have been brought into san salvador, because the high command has lost control of the situation. in other words, there is a mixture of soldiers from all parts of the country in the capital city.  this has yielded negative results for the high command.  in the capital city, there have been clashes between the atlacatl battalion and the national police, and the national guard has attacked troops from military detachment no. 6. these are little soldiers from sonsonate who have been brought into the capital city, and they are not familiar with the city.  they are clashing against each other.    clashes are also reported with the 4th infantry brigade and the 1st infantry brigade in ayutuxtepeque.  in other words, the 4th infantry brigade is fighting in ayutuxtepeque.  what will happen in the interior of the country?  the garrisons have been left empty.  the san francisco gotera garrison has been left without anyone.  the 4th infantry brigade is being left by itself, as well as the military detachment no. 1.  the colonels are desperate and are bringing troops into the capital city.    this is a good report.  the 4th infantry brigade and military detachment no. 6 are in the capital.  this is the situation on this morning of victorious battles.  who would believe it?  the sonsonate soldiers are fighting in the capital city.  this gives us a general picture of the defeat.  if the sonsonate troops are fighting in the last defensive line, this means that the sonsonate lines have been wiped out.    attention, fmln antiaircraft units have opened fire with their m-60 machineguns against uh-1h helicopters that are flying over the residential areas of the oligarchy.  likewise, a helicopter is right now flying over the armed forces general staff offices.  fmln units are</s>", 'start_gold': 471, 'end_gold': 483, 'gold': ' resumed in the following places: escalon, san benito', 'candidates': [(498, 507, ' soldiers from military detachment no. 6 and the', 6.426972389221191), (498, 504, ' soldiers from military detachment no.', 4.162609100341797), (498, 508, ' soldiers from military detachment no. 6 and the cavalry', 3.9913008213043213)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>heavy clashes are taking place right now in escalon and san benito residential areas.  there is no going back.  we have broken the defensive lines of the enemy.  we have broken (words indistinct) in the capital city, we are fighting in front of the dens of colonel ponce and other officers who have turned the war into a business. those officers have luxurious mansions in miami.  every weekend and even in spite of the war, col ponce has orgies in his luxurious homes in the country's interior.  soldiers, patriotic officers, we call on you to join the people and join our front.  patriotic officers, who are listening to us, do not allow more bombings in our capital city by the genocidal tandona group (1966 graduating class of the capt gen gerardo barrios military school).  young officers, lieutenants who are being killed in the residential areas and neighborhoods of the capital city, why should you be killed while defending ponce's mansions?  this is the last scenario of the last chapter in which the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) will achieve the victory of the people.  we call on your conscience, young patriotic officer.    just look at what happened in the bombings of zacamil.  over 500 homes were razed.  are you going to allow the high command to finish off the city, to finish off the neighborhoods and residential areas where your relatives might be?  you saw what happened in zacamil, mejicanos, soyapango.  patriotic officer, it is time we sit down to talk, to see what we can do with our fatherland, and what are we going to do with la tandona.  patriotic officers who are listening to us: it is useless to continue defending; to continue defending what, we ask you.  the fatherland?  what fatherland?  the fatherland you are told you are defending are the millions and the mansions of col ponce and of col elena fuentes.  patriotic officers: the time is here, take one step forward.    we have more reports from san salvador: early this morning, combat has been resumed in the following places: escalon, san benito, and la sultana residential areas.  these attacks are against the soldiers from military detachment no. 6 and the cavalry.  combats are also reported north of ayutuxtepeque, against soldiers from the 4th and 1st infantry brigade.  there are also clashes in the area of metropolis and zacamil neighborhoods against soldiers from the bracamonte battalion.    it is important to point out that in san benito and la sultana residential areas, we are fighting against soldiers from sonsonate, and not from san salvador.  the soldiers are from military detachment no. 6 of sonsonate.  troops from sonsonate have been brought into san salvador, because the high command has lost control of the situation. in other words, there is a mixture of soldiers from all parts of the country in the capital city.  this has yielded negative results for the high command.  in the capital city, there have been clashes between the atlacatl battalion and the national police, and the national guard has attacked troops from military detachment no. 6. these are little soldiers from sonsonate who have been brought into the capital city, and they are not familiar with the city.  they are clashing against each other.    clashes are also reported with the 4th infantry brigade and the 1st infantry brigade in ayutuxtepeque.  in other words, the 4th infantry brigade is fighting in ayutuxtepeque.  what will happen in the interior of the country?  the garrisons have been left empty.  the san francisco gotera garrison has been left without anyone.  the 4th infantry brigade is being left by itself, as well as the military detachment no. 1.  the colonels are desperate and are bringing troops into the capital city.    this is a good report.  the 4th infantry brigade and military detachment no. 6 are in the capital.  this is the situation on this morning of victorious battles.  who would believe it?  the sonsonate soldiers are fighting in the capital city.  this gives us a general picture of the defeat.  if the sonsonate troops are fighting in the last defensive line, this means that the sonsonate lines have been wiped out.    attention, fmln antiaircraft units have opened fire with their m-60 machineguns against uh-1h helicopters that are flying over the residential areas of the oligarchy.  likewise, a helicopter is right now flying over the armed forces general staff offices.  fmln units are</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(183, 188, ' young officers, lieuten', 0.6709486246109009), (183, 202, ' young officers, lieutenants who are being killed in the residential areas and neighborhoods of the capital', -0.2730574607849121), (183, 192, ' young officers, lieutenants who are being', -0.6779758930206299)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>heavy clashes are taking place right now in escalon and san benito residential areas.  there is no going back.  we have broken the defensive lines of the enemy.  we have broken (words indistinct) in the capital city, we are fighting in front of the dens of colonel ponce and other officers who have turned the war into a business. those officers have luxurious mansions in miami.  every weekend and even in spite of the war, col ponce has orgies in his luxurious homes in the country's interior.  soldiers, patriotic officers, we call on you to join the people and join our front.  patriotic officers, who are listening to us, do not allow more bombings in our capital city by the genocidal tandona group (1966 graduating class of the capt gen gerardo barrios military school).  young officers, lieutenants who are being killed in the residential areas and neighborhoods of the capital city, why should you be killed while defending ponce's mansions?  this is the last scenario of the last chapter in which the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) will achieve the victory of the people.  we call on your conscience, young patriotic officer.    just look at what happened in the bombings of zacamil.  over 500 homes were razed.  are you going to allow the high command to finish off the city, to finish off the neighborhoods and residential areas where your relatives might be?  you saw what happened in zacamil, mejicanos, soyapango.  patriotic officer, it is time we sit down to talk, to see what we can do with our fatherland, and what are we going to do with la tandona.  patriotic officers who are listening to us: it is useless to continue defending; to continue defending what, we ask you.  the fatherland?  what fatherland?  the fatherland you are told you are defending are the millions and the mansions of col ponce and of col elena fuentes.  patriotic officers: the time is here, take one step forward.    we have more reports from san salvador: early this morning, combat has been resumed in the following places: escalon, san benito, and la sultana residential areas.  these attacks are against the soldiers from military detachment no. 6 and the cavalry.  combats are also reported north of ayutuxtepeque, against soldiers from the 4th and 1st infantry brigade.  there are also clashes in the area of metropolis and zacamil neighborhoods against soldiers from the bracamonte battalion.    it is important to point out that in san benito and la sultana residential areas, we are fighting against soldiers from sonsonate, and not from san salvador.  the soldiers are from military detachment no. 6 of sonsonate.  troops from sonsonate have been brought into san salvador, because the high command has lost control of the situation. in other words, there is a mixture of soldiers from all parts of the country in the capital city.  this has yielded negative results for the high command.  in the capital city, there have been clashes between the atlacatl battalion and the national police, and the national guard has attacked troops from military detachment no. 6. these are little soldiers from sonsonate who have been brought into the capital city, and they are not familiar with the city.  they are clashing against each other.    clashes are also reported with the 4th infantry brigade and the 1st infantry brigade in ayutuxtepeque.  in other words, the 4th infantry brigade is fighting in ayutuxtepeque.  what will happen in the interior of the country?  the garrisons have been left empty.  the san francisco gotera garrison has been left without anyone.  the 4th infantry brigade is being left by itself, as well as the military detachment no. 1.  the colonels are desperate and are bringing troops into the capital city.    this is a good report.  the 4th infantry brigade and military detachment no. 6 are in the capital.  this is the situation on this morning of victorious battles.  who would believe it?  the sonsonate soldiers are fighting in the capital city.  this gives us a general picture of the defeat.  if the sonsonate troops are fighting in the last defensive line, this means that the sonsonate lines have been wiped out.    attention, fmln antiaircraft units have opened fire with their m-60 machineguns against uh-1h helicopters that are flying over the residential areas of the oligarchy.  likewise, a helicopter is right now flying over the armed forces general staff offices.  fmln units are</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(965, 981, ' fmln antiaircraft units have opened fire with their m-60 machine', 2.6158618927001953), (965, 987, ' fmln antiaircraft units have opened fire with their m-60 machineguns against uh-1h', 2.5735738277435303), (965, 971, ' fmln antiaircraft', 0.2446882724761963)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the rebel commanders who directed the occupation of several san salvador neighborhoods last week, today headed the seizure of the sheraton hotel, where oas secretary general joao baena soares was trapped for more than 8 hours.    newsmen who entered the hotel this afternoon during the evacuation of baena by diplomats were able to confirm that commander amilcar, known as "el choco," who directed the combat operations in the zacamil neighborhood, was seen today on the third floor of the sheraton hotel.    several rebels have said that facundo guardado ("commander esteban"), one of the founders of the farabundo marti national liberation front and one of the leaders of the offensive that began in the capital on 11 november, is somewhere near the hotel.    according to the rebels, guardado expected to initiate this afternoon\'s "negotiations" with the manager of the hotel, robert newell.  several u.s. military advisers, as well as one from guatemala and another one from chile remain in the hands of the rebels.  el choco said: "we can resist for as long as we have to.  all they can do is bomb the place and let us see if they are willing to do that."    according to the young guerrilla commander, the rebel withdrawal from the zacamil, cuscatancingo, and mejicanos neighborhoods, among others, "was part of the plan" that was completed today with the arrival at the sheraton hotel area.  the rebel said: "we have come here today, to the escalon colony, to their area, the area of the bourgeoisie, to see if they do here what they did with the people, who were hurt by the air force bombing operations."    at 0430 (1030 gmt) today, the fmln guerrillas initiated heavy fighting around the sheraton hotel, where oas secretary general joao baena soares was staying.    baena soares was evacuated from the sheraton hotel to the headquarters of the armed forces staff where he met with the "highest salvadoran authorities," according to diplomatic and military sources.    this afternoon, the guerrillas are still occupying several floors of the hotel, which has bullet holes, destroyed windows, and broken furniture all over the floor.    the area has been surrounded by light armored tanks and is being patrolled by several armed salvadoran air force helicopters.</s>', 'start_gold': 13, 'end_gold': 27, 'gold': ' who directed the occupation of several san salvador neighborhoods last week, today', 'candidates': [(478, 480, ' guerr', 1.6096291542053223), (478, 488, ' guerrillas are still occupying several floors of the', -2.564213752746582), (478, 485, ' guerrillas are still occupying several', -2.879701614379883)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the rebel commanders who directed the occupation of several san salvador neighborhoods last week, today headed the seizure of the sheraton hotel, where oas secretary general joao baena soares was trapped for more than 8 hours.    newsmen who entered the hotel this afternoon during the evacuation of baena by diplomats were able to confirm that commander amilcar, known as "el choco," who directed the combat operations in the zacamil neighborhood, was seen today on the third floor of the sheraton hotel.    several rebels have said that facundo guardado ("commander esteban"), one of the founders of the farabundo marti national liberation front and one of the leaders of the offensive that began in the capital on 11 november, is somewhere near the hotel.    according to the rebels, guardado expected to initiate this afternoon\'s "negotiations" with the manager of the hotel, robert newell.  several u.s. military advisers, as well as one from guatemala and another one from chile remain in the hands of the rebels.  el choco said: "we can resist for as long as we have to.  all they can do is bomb the place and let us see if they are willing to do that."    according to the young guerrilla commander, the rebel withdrawal from the zacamil, cuscatancingo, and mejicanos neighborhoods, among others, "was part of the plan" that was completed today with the arrival at the sheraton hotel area.  the rebel said: "we have come here today, to the escalon colony, to their area, the area of the bourgeoisie, to see if they do here what they did with the people, who were hurt by the air force bombing operations."    at 0430 (1030 gmt) today, the fmln guerrillas initiated heavy fighting around the sheraton hotel, where oas secretary general joao baena soares was staying.    baena soares was evacuated from the sheraton hotel to the headquarters of the armed forces staff where he met with the "highest salvadoran authorities," according to diplomatic and military sources.    this afternoon, the guerrillas are still occupying several floors of the hotel, which has bullet holes, destroyed windows, and broken furniture all over the floor.    the area has been surrounded by light armored tanks and is being patrolled by several armed salvadoran air force helicopters.</s>', 'start_gold': 615, 'end_gold': 634, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(478, 480, ' guerr', 1.90157949924469), (478, 488, ' guerrillas are still occupying several floors of the', -2.187624454498291), (478, 485, ' guerrillas are still occupying several', -2.620720863342285)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the rebel commanders who directed the occupation of several san salvador neighborhoods last week, today headed the seizure of the sheraton hotel, where oas secretary general joao baena soares was trapped for more than 8 hours.    newsmen who entered the hotel this afternoon during the evacuation of baena by diplomats were able to confirm that commander amilcar, known as "el choco," who directed the combat operations in the zacamil neighborhood, was seen today on the third floor of the sheraton hotel.    several rebels have said that facundo guardado ("commander esteban"), one of the founders of the farabundo marti national liberation front and one of the leaders of the offensive that began in the capital on 11 november, is somewhere near the hotel.    according to the rebels, guardado expected to initiate this afternoon\'s "negotiations" with the manager of the hotel, robert newell.  several u.s. military advisers, as well as one from guatemala and another one from chile remain in the hands of the rebels.  el choco said: "we can resist for as long as we have to.  all they can do is bomb the place and let us see if they are willing to do that."    according to the young guerrilla commander, the rebel withdrawal from the zacamil, cuscatancingo, and mejicanos neighborhoods, among others, "was part of the plan" that was completed today with the arrival at the sheraton hotel area.  the rebel said: "we have come here today, to the escalon colony, to their area, the area of the bourgeoisie, to see if they do here what they did with the people, who were hurt by the air force bombing operations."    at 0430 (1030 gmt) today, the fmln guerrillas initiated heavy fighting around the sheraton hotel, where oas secretary general joao baena soares was staying.    baena soares was evacuated from the sheraton hotel to the headquarters of the armed forces staff where he met with the "highest salvadoran authorities," according to diplomatic and military sources.    this afternoon, the guerrillas are still occupying several floors of the hotel, which has bullet holes, destroyed windows, and broken furniture all over the floor.    the area has been surrounded by light armored tanks and is being patrolled by several armed salvadoran air force helicopters.</s>', 'start_gold': 138, 'end_gold': 152, 'gold': ' founders of the farabundo marti national liberation front and one of', 'candidates': [(525, 530, ' salvadoran air force', -0.5627418160438538), (525, 531, ' salvadoran air force helicopters', -4.30765962600708), (525, 529, ' salvadoran air', -5.220985412597656)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the rebel commanders who directed the occupation of several san salvador neighborhoods last week, today headed the seizure of the sheraton hotel, where oas secretary general joao baena soares was trapped for more than 8 hours.    newsmen who entered the hotel this afternoon during the evacuation of baena by diplomats were able to confirm that commander amilcar, known as "el choco," who directed the combat operations in the zacamil neighborhood, was seen today on the third floor of the sheraton hotel.    several rebels have said that facundo guardado ("commander esteban"), one of the founders of the farabundo marti national liberation front and one of the leaders of the offensive that began in the capital on 11 november, is somewhere near the hotel.    according to the rebels, guardado expected to initiate this afternoon\'s "negotiations" with the manager of the hotel, robert newell.  several u.s. military advisers, as well as one from guatemala and another one from chile remain in the hands of the rebels.  el choco said: "we can resist for as long as we have to.  all they can do is bomb the place and let us see if they are willing to do that."    according to the young guerrilla commander, the rebel withdrawal from the zacamil, cuscatancingo, and mejicanos neighborhoods, among others, "was part of the plan" that was completed today with the arrival at the sheraton hotel area.  the rebel said: "we have come here today, to the escalon colony, to their area, the area of the bourgeoisie, to see if they do here what they did with the people, who were hurt by the air force bombing operations."    at 0430 (1030 gmt) today, the fmln guerrillas initiated heavy fighting around the sheraton hotel, where oas secretary general joao baena soares was staying.    baena soares was evacuated from the sheraton hotel to the headquarters of the armed forces staff where he met with the "highest salvadoran authorities," according to diplomatic and military sources.    this afternoon, the guerrillas are still occupying several floors of the hotel, which has bullet holes, destroyed windows, and broken furniture all over the floor.    the area has been surrounded by light armored tanks and is being patrolled by several armed salvadoran air force helicopters.</s>', 'start_gold': 182, 'end_gold': 198, 'gold': ' guardado expected to initiate this afternoon\'s "negotiations" with the manager', 'candidates': [(38, 45, ' secretary general joao baena so', -3.305474281311035), (38, 43, ' secretary general joao ba', -4.454791069030762), (38, 52, ' secretary general joao baena soares was trapped for more than 8', -6.153913974761963)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the rebel commanders who directed the occupation of several san salvador neighborhoods last week, today headed the seizure of the sheraton hotel, where oas secretary general joao baena soares was trapped for more than 8 hours.    newsmen who entered the hotel this afternoon during the evacuation of baena by diplomats were able to confirm that commander amilcar, known as "el choco," who directed the combat operations in the zacamil neighborhood, was seen today on the third floor of the sheraton hotel.    several rebels have said that facundo guardado ("commander esteban"), one of the founders of the farabundo marti national liberation front and one of the leaders of the offensive that began in the capital on 11 november, is somewhere near the hotel.    according to the rebels, guardado expected to initiate this afternoon\'s "negotiations" with the manager of the hotel, robert newell.  several u.s. military advisers, as well as one from guatemala and another one from chile remain in the hands of the rebels.  el choco said: "we can resist for as long as we have to.  all they can do is bomb the place and let us see if they are willing to do that."    according to the young guerrilla commander, the rebel withdrawal from the zacamil, cuscatancingo, and mejicanos neighborhoods, among others, "was part of the plan" that was completed today with the arrival at the sheraton hotel area.  the rebel said: "we have come here today, to the escalon colony, to their area, the area of the bourgeoisie, to see if they do here what they did with the people, who were hurt by the air force bombing operations."    at 0430 (1030 gmt) today, the fmln guerrillas initiated heavy fighting around the sheraton hotel, where oas secretary general joao baena soares was staying.    baena soares was evacuated from the sheraton hotel to the headquarters of the armed forces staff where he met with the "highest salvadoran authorities," according to diplomatic and military sources.    this afternoon, the guerrillas are still occupying several floors of the hotel, which has bullet holes, destroyed windows, and broken furniture all over the floor.    the area has been surrounded by light armored tanks and is being patrolled by several armed salvadoran air force helicopters.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(514, 530, ' light armored tanks and is being patrolled by several armed salvadoran air force', 3.9603734016418457), (514, 516, ' light armored', 3.7145204544067383), (514, 531, ' light armored tanks and is being patrolled by several armed salvadoran air force helicopters', 0.8545470237731934)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the picture published today by the newspaper granma in its third edition speaks for itself.  in fact, as the newspaper suggests, the yankee hand is today in el salvador as it was yesterday in vietnam.  the wounded mother who tries to comfort her daughter, a victim of the bombings, is not an isolated picture.  it is a symbol of the crimes that are being committed against the civilian population in that country.    the united states is not innocent of these crimes because u.s. pilots are participating in the massacre.  in the meantime, what is the human rights champion doing?  in fact, he is doing nothing that could not be predicted.  president bush gets on the phone and calls his salvadoran crony alfredo cristini to assure him that everything is all right, that he can go on, that the u.s.  position is favorable to his regime.  the human rights champion asks no questions about the recent brutal killings of union leaders by the army.  bush asks no questions about the massacre of spanish priests.  the president only praises the army, the air force, the police and paramilitary efforts to stop the guerrilla offensive.    bush and cristiani could not fail to mention the trite slogan of the cuban and nicaraguan aid to the salvadoran guerrillas.  nor did bush fail to express the american people's solidarity.  but, solidarity with whom?  all we have heard about up to now are the protests provoked in the united states by the u.s.  military aid to the salvadoran regime. the only realities are the demonstrations staged from los angeles to new york to repudiate the u.s. aid.  the only fact is that the human rights champion is being publicly questioned about this aid.  the only picture that has been disseminated throughout the world is that of a woman who interrupts bush's speech to shout to him: why are we sending money to el salvador? why are we killing priests in el salvador?  it is not possible to overlook the u.s. government's responsibility in the current salvadoran situation.  the international community must be aware of this reality and must act accordingly.</s>", 'start_gold': 484, 'end_gold': 500, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(112, 116, ' u.s.', 2.5827248096466064), (112, 121, ' u.s. pilots are participating in the', 2.1157023906707764), (112, 115, ' u.s', 1.3969128131866455)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the picture published today by the newspaper granma in its third edition speaks for itself.  in fact, as the newspaper suggests, the yankee hand is today in el salvador as it was yesterday in vietnam.  the wounded mother who tries to comfort her daughter, a victim of the bombings, is not an isolated picture.  it is a symbol of the crimes that are being committed against the civilian population in that country.    the united states is not innocent of these crimes because u.s. pilots are participating in the massacre.  in the meantime, what is the human rights champion doing?  in fact, he is doing nothing that could not be predicted.  president bush gets on the phone and calls his salvadoran crony alfredo cristini to assure him that everything is all right, that he can go on, that the u.s.  position is favorable to his regime.  the human rights champion asks no questions about the recent brutal killings of union leaders by the army.  bush asks no questions about the massacre of spanish priests.  the president only praises the army, the air force, the police and paramilitary efforts to stop the guerrilla offensive.    bush and cristiani could not fail to mention the trite slogan of the cuban and nicaraguan aid to the salvadoran guerrillas.  nor did bush fail to express the american people's solidarity.  but, solidarity with whom?  all we have heard about up to now are the protests provoked in the united states by the u.s.  military aid to the salvadoran regime. the only realities are the demonstrations staged from los angeles to new york to repudiate the u.s. aid.  the only fact is that the human rights champion is being publicly questioned about this aid.  the only picture that has been disseminated throughout the world is that of a woman who interrupts bush's speech to shout to him: why are we sending money to el salvador? why are we killing priests in el salvador?  it is not possible to overlook the u.s. government's responsibility in the current salvadoran situation.  the international community must be aware of this reality and must act accordingly.</s>", 'start_gold': 948, 'end_gold': 961, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(112, 116, ' u.s.', 4.722164154052734), (112, 115, ' u.s', 4.204261302947998), (112, 121, ' u.s. pilots are participating in the', 4.096417427062988)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the picture published today by the newspaper granma in its third edition speaks for itself.  in fact, as the newspaper suggests, the yankee hand is today in el salvador as it was yesterday in vietnam.  the wounded mother who tries to comfort her daughter, a victim of the bombings, is not an isolated picture.  it is a symbol of the crimes that are being committed against the civilian population in that country.    the united states is not innocent of these crimes because u.s. pilots are participating in the massacre.  in the meantime, what is the human rights champion doing?  in fact, he is doing nothing that could not be predicted.  president bush gets on the phone and calls his salvadoran crony alfredo cristini to assure him that everything is all right, that he can go on, that the u.s.  position is favorable to his regime.  the human rights champion asks no questions about the recent brutal killings of union leaders by the army.  bush asks no questions about the massacre of spanish priests.  the president only praises the army, the air force, the police and paramilitary efforts to stop the guerrilla offensive.    bush and cristiani could not fail to mention the trite slogan of the cuban and nicaraguan aid to the salvadoran guerrillas.  nor did bush fail to express the american people's solidarity.  but, solidarity with whom?  all we have heard about up to now are the protests provoked in the united states by the u.s.  military aid to the salvadoran regime. the only realities are the demonstrations staged from los angeles to new york to repudiate the u.s. aid.  the only fact is that the human rights champion is being publicly questioned about this aid.  the only picture that has been disseminated throughout the world is that of a woman who interrupts bush's speech to shout to him: why are we sending money to el salvador? why are we killing priests in el salvador?  it is not possible to overlook the u.s. government's responsibility in the current salvadoran situation.  the international community must be aware of this reality and must act accordingly.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(92, 93, ' civilian', 8.285985946655273), (92, 96, ' civilian population in that', 7.099566459655762), (92, 97, ' civilian population in that country', 4.339902877807617)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the picture published today by the newspaper granma in its third edition speaks for itself.  in fact, as the newspaper suggests, the yankee hand is today in el salvador as it was yesterday in vietnam.  the wounded mother who tries to comfort her daughter, a victim of the bombings, is not an isolated picture.  it is a symbol of the crimes that are being committed against the civilian population in that country.    the united states is not innocent of these crimes because u.s. pilots are participating in the massacre.  in the meantime, what is the human rights champion doing?  in fact, he is doing nothing that could not be predicted.  president bush gets on the phone and calls his salvadoran crony alfredo cristini to assure him that everything is all right, that he can go on, that the u.s.  position is favorable to his regime.  the human rights champion asks no questions about the recent brutal killings of union leaders by the army.  bush asks no questions about the massacre of spanish priests.  the president only praises the army, the air force, the police and paramilitary efforts to stop the guerrilla offensive.    bush and cristiani could not fail to mention the trite slogan of the cuban and nicaraguan aid to the salvadoran guerrillas.  nor did bush fail to express the american people's solidarity.  but, solidarity with whom?  all we have heard about up to now are the protests provoked in the united states by the u.s.  military aid to the salvadoran regime. the only realities are the demonstrations staged from los angeles to new york to repudiate the u.s. aid.  the only fact is that the human rights champion is being publicly questioned about this aid.  the only picture that has been disseminated throughout the world is that of a woman who interrupts bush's speech to shout to him: why are we sending money to el salvador? why are we killing priests in el salvador?  it is not possible to overlook the u.s. government's responsibility in the current salvadoran situation.  the international community must be aware of this reality and must act accordingly.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(92, 93, ' civilian', 7.082414150238037), (92, 96, ' civilian population in that', 5.744076251983643), (92, 92, '', 3.354869842529297)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the picture published today by the newspaper granma in its third edition speaks for itself.  in fact, as the newspaper suggests, the yankee hand is today in el salvador as it was yesterday in vietnam.  the wounded mother who tries to comfort her daughter, a victim of the bombings, is not an isolated picture.  it is a symbol of the crimes that are being committed against the civilian population in that country.    the united states is not innocent of these crimes because u.s. pilots are participating in the massacre.  in the meantime, what is the human rights champion doing?  in fact, he is doing nothing that could not be predicted.  president bush gets on the phone and calls his salvadoran crony alfredo cristini to assure him that everything is all right, that he can go on, that the u.s.  position is favorable to his regime.  the human rights champion asks no questions about the recent brutal killings of union leaders by the army.  bush asks no questions about the massacre of spanish priests.  the president only praises the army, the air force, the police and paramilitary efforts to stop the guerrilla offensive.    bush and cristiani could not fail to mention the trite slogan of the cuban and nicaraguan aid to the salvadoran guerrillas.  nor did bush fail to express the american people's solidarity.  but, solidarity with whom?  all we have heard about up to now are the protests provoked in the united states by the u.s.  military aid to the salvadoran regime. the only realities are the demonstrations staged from los angeles to new york to repudiate the u.s. aid.  the only fact is that the human rights champion is being publicly questioned about this aid.  the only picture that has been disseminated throughout the world is that of a woman who interrupts bush's speech to shout to him: why are we sending money to el salvador? why are we killing priests in el salvador?  it is not possible to overlook the u.s. government's responsibility in the current salvadoran situation.  the international community must be aware of this reality and must act accordingly.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(283, 288, ' salvadoran guerr', 8.348316192626953), (283, 289, ' salvadoran guerrillas', 4.57834529876709), (339, 342, ' salvadoran', 8.803238868713379)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>...that the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) launched against the salvadoran people on 11 november.  the fmln launched this aggression with all of its forces, chiefly using a concentration of weapons and fighters in the san salvador metropolitan zone, in zacatecoluca, la paz department, and at times in usulutan city, usulutan deparment, and in san miguel city, san miguel department.  in this aggression the fmln displayed its weaponry.  it displayed an incredible amount of weapons, which....(changes thought) by the way, in recent days the salvadoran armed forces have begun a number of searches in some houses where it is believed that some of these weapons were located. we have already found large amounts of weapons.    in addition, the fmln launched an aggression and hid behind you, salvadoran people.  it used you as a shield, wanting to convey the idea that they have the support of the salvadoran people and that the people here would rise up to support them.  they have realized that this view is totally false.  far from supporting the fmln, the salvadoran people, salvadoran brothers, supported the armed forces in the tremendous effort it has conducted to repel the fmln aggression.    however, we must now consider a very important matter.  it is impossible to carry out an aggression of this size without support from someone abroad.  on this occasion, we are certain that this support came from nicaraguan president ortega and cuban president castro, but chiefly from ortega who is trying to raise a smokescreen in the face of the real possibility that mrs violetta chamorro may defeat him in the elections, and because the fmln has always been the puppet of the international communist aggression in which ortega and castro participate.  if this is not so, let us take a look at what has happened.  during those times when you were suffering moments of anguish last week, you were able to see the large number of foreigners who were supporting the fmln terrorists.  we have also managed to collect evidence that the ortega government trained fmln fighters in the use of certain kinds of weaponry, specifically the grenade launchers.    what happened?  in the past few weeks we began noticing what kind of weapons were being used.  in the foiled attack on the presidential house, a subsequent attack on the salvadoran armed forces' joint chiefs of staff, and lastly, an attack on the national guard garrison particular kinds of weapons were being used.  as a result of the savage action by fmln, two little girls were killed.  moreover, let us recall and see the connection that exists with all the shipments that the salvadoran armed forces have been stopping between nicaraguan and el salvador.  one shipment was made prior to the visit we presidents made to costa rica.  in that country, we denounced ortega for continuing to send weapons and supporting the fmln in an open violation of the central american peace process.    and what has happened lately?  on 25 november, salvadoran people, two light airplanes coming from nicaragua were discovered.  their flight course indicates that they came from nicaragua, especially the one where the weapons were found.  as additional proof, we have a document showing that one light aircraft belongs to the seta transportation company located in nicaragua's augusto cesar sandino airport.  it was bringing sophisticated equipment for the fmln.  in that aircraft accident, four people were killed: the pilot who was wearing civilian clothes and three other people were wearing military uniforms; i mean camouflage uniforms like the ones worn in many countries, and like the ones the salvadoran armed force use.  it is believed that two of those people died as a result of the accident. we also believe that another person killed himself because he had a weapon in his hand and a bullet wound in forehead.  he killed himself because he saw himself implicated in this situation.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(458, 461, ' fmln', 2.075242280960083), (458, 462, ' fmln terrorists', -1.3810946941375732), (458, 481, ' fmln terrorists.  we have also managed to collect evidence that the ortega government trained fmln', -1.9847068786621094)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>...that the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) launched against the salvadoran people on 11 november.  the fmln launched this aggression with all of its forces, chiefly using a concentration of weapons and fighters in the san salvador metropolitan zone, in zacatecoluca, la paz department, and at times in usulutan city, usulutan deparment, and in san miguel city, san miguel department.  in this aggression the fmln displayed its weaponry.  it displayed an incredible amount of weapons, which....(changes thought) by the way, in recent days the salvadoran armed forces have begun a number of searches in some houses where it is believed that some of these weapons were located. we have already found large amounts of weapons.    in addition, the fmln launched an aggression and hid behind you, salvadoran people.  it used you as a shield, wanting to convey the idea that they have the support of the salvadoran people and that the people here would rise up to support them.  they have realized that this view is totally false.  far from supporting the fmln, the salvadoran people, salvadoran brothers, supported the armed forces in the tremendous effort it has conducted to repel the fmln aggression.    however, we must now consider a very important matter.  it is impossible to carry out an aggression of this size without support from someone abroad.  on this occasion, we are certain that this support came from nicaraguan president ortega and cuban president castro, but chiefly from ortega who is trying to raise a smokescreen in the face of the real possibility that mrs violetta chamorro may defeat him in the elections, and because the fmln has always been the puppet of the international communist aggression in which ortega and castro participate.  if this is not so, let us take a look at what has happened.  during those times when you were suffering moments of anguish last week, you were able to see the large number of foreigners who were supporting the fmln terrorists.  we have also managed to collect evidence that the ortega government trained fmln fighters in the use of certain kinds of weaponry, specifically the grenade launchers.    what happened?  in the past few weeks we began noticing what kind of weapons were being used.  in the foiled attack on the presidential house, a subsequent attack on the salvadoran armed forces' joint chiefs of staff, and lastly, an attack on the national guard garrison particular kinds of weapons were being used.  as a result of the savage action by fmln, two little girls were killed.  moreover, let us recall and see the connection that exists with all the shipments that the salvadoran armed forces have been stopping between nicaraguan and el salvador.  one shipment was made prior to the visit we presidents made to costa rica.  in that country, we denounced ortega for continuing to send weapons and supporting the fmln in an open violation of the central american peace process.    and what has happened lately?  on 25 november, salvadoran people, two light airplanes coming from nicaragua were discovered.  their flight course indicates that they came from nicaragua, especially the one where the weapons were found.  as additional proof, we have a document showing that one light aircraft belongs to the seta transportation company located in nicaragua's augusto cesar sandino airport.  it was bringing sophisticated equipment for the fmln.  in that aircraft accident, four people were killed: the pilot who was wearing civilian clothes and three other people were wearing military uniforms; i mean camouflage uniforms like the ones worn in many countries, and like the ones the salvadoran armed force use.  it is believed that two of those people died as a result of the accident. we also believe that another person killed himself because he had a weapon in his hand and a bullet wound in forehead.  he killed himself because he saw himself implicated in this situation.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 21, 'end_gold': 34, 'gold': 'i national liberation front) launched against the salvadoran people on', 'candidates': [(458, 461, ' fmln', 2.738983154296875), (458, 481, ' fmln terrorists.  we have also managed to collect evidence that the ortega government trained fmln', -0.9603515863418579), (458, 462, ' fmln terrorists', -0.983033299446106)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>...that the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) launched against the salvadoran people on 11 november.  the fmln launched this aggression with all of its forces, chiefly using a concentration of weapons and fighters in the san salvador metropolitan zone, in zacatecoluca, la paz department, and at times in usulutan city, usulutan deparment, and in san miguel city, san miguel department.  in this aggression the fmln displayed its weaponry.  it displayed an incredible amount of weapons, which....(changes thought) by the way, in recent days the salvadoran armed forces have begun a number of searches in some houses where it is believed that some of these weapons were located. we have already found large amounts of weapons.    in addition, the fmln launched an aggression and hid behind you, salvadoran people.  it used you as a shield, wanting to convey the idea that they have the support of the salvadoran people and that the people here would rise up to support them.  they have realized that this view is totally false.  far from supporting the fmln, the salvadoran people, salvadoran brothers, supported the armed forces in the tremendous effort it has conducted to repel the fmln aggression.    however, we must now consider a very important matter.  it is impossible to carry out an aggression of this size without support from someone abroad.  on this occasion, we are certain that this support came from nicaraguan president ortega and cuban president castro, but chiefly from ortega who is trying to raise a smokescreen in the face of the real possibility that mrs violetta chamorro may defeat him in the elections, and because the fmln has always been the puppet of the international communist aggression in which ortega and castro participate.  if this is not so, let us take a look at what has happened.  during those times when you were suffering moments of anguish last week, you were able to see the large number of foreigners who were supporting the fmln terrorists.  we have also managed to collect evidence that the ortega government trained fmln fighters in the use of certain kinds of weaponry, specifically the grenade launchers.    what happened?  in the past few weeks we began noticing what kind of weapons were being used.  in the foiled attack on the presidential house, a subsequent attack on the salvadoran armed forces' joint chiefs of staff, and lastly, an attack on the national guard garrison particular kinds of weapons were being used.  as a result of the savage action by fmln, two little girls were killed.  moreover, let us recall and see the connection that exists with all the shipments that the salvadoran armed forces have been stopping between nicaraguan and el salvador.  one shipment was made prior to the visit we presidents made to costa rica.  in that country, we denounced ortega for continuing to send weapons and supporting the fmln in an open violation of the central american peace process.    and what has happened lately?  on 25 november, salvadoran people, two light airplanes coming from nicaragua were discovered.  their flight course indicates that they came from nicaragua, especially the one where the weapons were found.  as additional proof, we have a document showing that one light aircraft belongs to the seta transportation company located in nicaragua's augusto cesar sandino airport.  it was bringing sophisticated equipment for the fmln.  in that aircraft accident, four people were killed: the pilot who was wearing civilian clothes and three other people were wearing military uniforms; i mean camouflage uniforms like the ones worn in many countries, and like the ones the salvadoran armed force use.  it is believed that two of those people died as a result of the accident. we also believe that another person killed himself because he had a weapon in his hand and a bullet wound in forehead.  he killed himself because he saw himself implicated in this situation.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 2304, 'end_gold': 2317, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(28, 31, ' salvadoran', 6.106886863708496), (28, 30, ' salvador', 1.8166784048080444), (534, 555, " salvadoran armed forces' joint chiefs of staff, and lastly, an attack on the national guard", 5.587833881378174)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>...that the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) launched against the salvadoran people on 11 november.  the fmln launched this aggression with all of its forces, chiefly using a concentration of weapons and fighters in the san salvador metropolitan zone, in zacatecoluca, la paz department, and at times in usulutan city, usulutan deparment, and in san miguel city, san miguel department.  in this aggression the fmln displayed its weaponry.  it displayed an incredible amount of weapons, which....(changes thought) by the way, in recent days the salvadoran armed forces have begun a number of searches in some houses where it is believed that some of these weapons were located. we have already found large amounts of weapons.    in addition, the fmln launched an aggression and hid behind you, salvadoran people.  it used you as a shield, wanting to convey the idea that they have the support of the salvadoran people and that the people here would rise up to support them.  they have realized that this view is totally false.  far from supporting the fmln, the salvadoran people, salvadoran brothers, supported the armed forces in the tremendous effort it has conducted to repel the fmln aggression.    however, we must now consider a very important matter.  it is impossible to carry out an aggression of this size without support from someone abroad.  on this occasion, we are certain that this support came from nicaraguan president ortega and cuban president castro, but chiefly from ortega who is trying to raise a smokescreen in the face of the real possibility that mrs violetta chamorro may defeat him in the elections, and because the fmln has always been the puppet of the international communist aggression in which ortega and castro participate.  if this is not so, let us take a look at what has happened.  during those times when you were suffering moments of anguish last week, you were able to see the large number of foreigners who were supporting the fmln terrorists.  we have also managed to collect evidence that the ortega government trained fmln fighters in the use of certain kinds of weaponry, specifically the grenade launchers.    what happened?  in the past few weeks we began noticing what kind of weapons were being used.  in the foiled attack on the presidential house, a subsequent attack on the salvadoran armed forces' joint chiefs of staff, and lastly, an attack on the national guard garrison particular kinds of weapons were being used.  as a result of the savage action by fmln, two little girls were killed.  moreover, let us recall and see the connection that exists with all the shipments that the salvadoran armed forces have been stopping between nicaraguan and el salvador.  one shipment was made prior to the visit we presidents made to costa rica.  in that country, we denounced ortega for continuing to send weapons and supporting the fmln in an open violation of the central american peace process.    and what has happened lately?  on 25 november, salvadoran people, two light airplanes coming from nicaragua were discovered.  their flight course indicates that they came from nicaragua, especially the one where the weapons were found.  as additional proof, we have a document showing that one light aircraft belongs to the seta transportation company located in nicaragua's augusto cesar sandino airport.  it was bringing sophisticated equipment for the fmln.  in that aircraft accident, four people were killed: the pilot who was wearing civilian clothes and three other people were wearing military uniforms; i mean camouflage uniforms like the ones worn in many countries, and like the ones the salvadoran armed force use.  it is believed that two of those people died as a result of the accident. we also believe that another person killed himself because he had a weapon in his hand and a bullet wound in forehead.  he killed himself because he saw himself implicated in this situation.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(28, 31, ' salvadoran', 6.240067481994629), (28, 30, ' salvador', 2.6909940242767334), (27, 31, ' the salvadoran', 4.693448066711426)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>...that the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) launched against the salvadoran people on 11 november.  the fmln launched this aggression with all of its forces, chiefly using a concentration of weapons and fighters in the san salvador metropolitan zone, in zacatecoluca, la paz department, and at times in usulutan city, usulutan deparment, and in san miguel city, san miguel department.  in this aggression the fmln displayed its weaponry.  it displayed an incredible amount of weapons, which....(changes thought) by the way, in recent days the salvadoran armed forces have begun a number of searches in some houses where it is believed that some of these weapons were located. we have already found large amounts of weapons.    in addition, the fmln launched an aggression and hid behind you, salvadoran people.  it used you as a shield, wanting to convey the idea that they have the support of the salvadoran people and that the people here would rise up to support them.  they have realized that this view is totally false.  far from supporting the fmln, the salvadoran people, salvadoran brothers, supported the armed forces in the tremendous effort it has conducted to repel the fmln aggression.    however, we must now consider a very important matter.  it is impossible to carry out an aggression of this size without support from someone abroad.  on this occasion, we are certain that this support came from nicaraguan president ortega and cuban president castro, but chiefly from ortega who is trying to raise a smokescreen in the face of the real possibility that mrs violetta chamorro may defeat him in the elections, and because the fmln has always been the puppet of the international communist aggression in which ortega and castro participate.  if this is not so, let us take a look at what has happened.  during those times when you were suffering moments of anguish last week, you were able to see the large number of foreigners who were supporting the fmln terrorists.  we have also managed to collect evidence that the ortega government trained fmln fighters in the use of certain kinds of weaponry, specifically the grenade launchers.    what happened?  in the past few weeks we began noticing what kind of weapons were being used.  in the foiled attack on the presidential house, a subsequent attack on the salvadoran armed forces' joint chiefs of staff, and lastly, an attack on the national guard garrison particular kinds of weapons were being used.  as a result of the savage action by fmln, two little girls were killed.  moreover, let us recall and see the connection that exists with all the shipments that the salvadoran armed forces have been stopping between nicaraguan and el salvador.  one shipment was made prior to the visit we presidents made to costa rica.  in that country, we denounced ortega for continuing to send weapons and supporting the fmln in an open violation of the central american peace process.    and what has happened lately?  on 25 november, salvadoran people, two light airplanes coming from nicaragua were discovered.  their flight course indicates that they came from nicaragua, especially the one where the weapons were found.  as additional proof, we have a document showing that one light aircraft belongs to the seta transportation company located in nicaragua's augusto cesar sandino airport.  it was bringing sophisticated equipment for the fmln.  in that aircraft accident, four people were killed: the pilot who was wearing civilian clothes and three other people were wearing military uniforms; i mean camouflage uniforms like the ones worn in many countries, and like the ones the salvadoran armed force use.  it is believed that two of those people died as a result of the accident. we also believe that another person killed himself because he had a weapon in his hand and a bullet wound in forehead.  he killed himself because he saw himself implicated in this situation.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(534, 555, " salvadoran armed forces' joint chiefs of staff, and lastly, an attack on the national guard", 3.0633747577667236), (534, 562, " salvadoran armed forces' joint chiefs of staff, and lastly, an attack on the national guard garrison particular kinds of weapons were being", 2.2925381660461426), (534, 554, " salvadoran armed forces' joint chiefs of staff, and lastly, an attack on the national", 1.8540382385253906)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>our fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) forces have taken over bunkers from the various military chiefs in escalon and manuel jose arce neighborhoods where our units seized thousands of cartridges, rifles, grenades, and other types of arms which these military chiefs usually store in the bunkers that they maintain in these residential sectors.    as we have reported, the general staff responded with a 4-pronged delayed response.  the armed forces attacked from four advanced positions, one held by the bracamonte battalion, which advanced toward escalon; it was neutralized by our ambushes.  our units are entrenched in the mansions of the oligarchs in that sector of escalon neighborhood.  they ambushed and repelled attacks from the vanguard positions launched by the armed forces.  the second direction in which the enemy responded to our presence was directed on the southern freeway.  this second position was ambushed with rpg-7 rocket launchers and machinegun fire.  the third enemy position, which was advancing on santa tecla, was ambushed at la universal point and was also neutralized.  the atlacatl battalion deployment along guadalupe gardens was also neutralized.  our battalions are staging sabotage actions on electricity posts in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods.    also, we have a new report which indicates that fmln units have set up downed electricity posts as barricades along the south freeway and in the escalon neighborhood.  we repeat, along the south freeway and in the escalon neighborhood, fmln units have used downed electricity posts and vehicles as barricades.    this is the situation in el salvador.  throughout the northern sector of the capital, our units are maintaining positions.  the troops in the interior part of the republic in that northern region refuse to advance toward our positions, while our units are extending along the northwestern and southwestern region of the capital.  our units are extending and moving foward along these zones.  the air force has opened fire on some of our positions in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods.  we reiterate the call to the inhabitants of the escalon and san benito neighborhoods to abandon all those zones immediately.  the air force is beginning new air raids on fmln positions in those regions.  therefore, we call on the inhabitants of the escalon and san benito neighborhoods to leave those areas.</s>', 'start_gold': 62, 'end_gold': 74, 'gold': ' arms which these military chiefs usually store in the bunkers that', 'candidates': [(149, 150, ' olig', 8.214820861816406), (149, 158, ' oligarchs in that sector of escalon neighborhood', 2.9047129154205322), (149, 157, ' oligarchs in that sector of escalon', 2.731264114379883)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>our fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) forces have taken over bunkers from the various military chiefs in escalon and manuel jose arce neighborhoods where our units seized thousands of cartridges, rifles, grenades, and other types of arms which these military chiefs usually store in the bunkers that they maintain in these residential sectors.    as we have reported, the general staff responded with a 4-pronged delayed response.  the armed forces attacked from four advanced positions, one held by the bracamonte battalion, which advanced toward escalon; it was neutralized by our ambushes.  our units are entrenched in the mansions of the oligarchs in that sector of escalon neighborhood.  they ambushed and repelled attacks from the vanguard positions launched by the armed forces.  the second direction in which the enemy responded to our presence was directed on the southern freeway.  this second position was ambushed with rpg-7 rocket launchers and machinegun fire.  the third enemy position, which was advancing on santa tecla, was ambushed at la universal point and was also neutralized.  the atlacatl battalion deployment along guadalupe gardens was also neutralized.  our battalions are staging sabotage actions on electricity posts in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods.    also, we have a new report which indicates that fmln units have set up downed electricity posts as barricades along the south freeway and in the escalon neighborhood.  we repeat, along the south freeway and in the escalon neighborhood, fmln units have used downed electricity posts and vehicles as barricades.    this is the situation in el salvador.  throughout the northern sector of the capital, our units are maintaining positions.  the troops in the interior part of the republic in that northern region refuse to advance toward our positions, while our units are extending along the northwestern and southwestern region of the capital.  our units are extending and moving foward along these zones.  the air force has opened fire on some of our positions in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods.  we reiterate the call to the inhabitants of the escalon and san benito neighborhoods to abandon all those zones immediately.  the air force is beginning new air raids on fmln positions in those regions.  therefore, we call on the inhabitants of the escalon and san benito neighborhoods to leave those areas.</s>', 'start_gold': 13, 'end_gold': 26, 'gold': 'n (farabundo marti national liberation front) forces have', 'candidates': [(149, 150, ' olig', 11.211456298828125), (149, 157, ' oligarchs in that sector of escalon', 5.981229782104492), (149, 158, ' oligarchs in that sector of escalon neighborhood', 5.712491035461426)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>our fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) forces have taken over bunkers from the various military chiefs in escalon and manuel jose arce neighborhoods where our units seized thousands of cartridges, rifles, grenades, and other types of arms which these military chiefs usually store in the bunkers that they maintain in these residential sectors.    as we have reported, the general staff responded with a 4-pronged delayed response.  the armed forces attacked from four advanced positions, one held by the bracamonte battalion, which advanced toward escalon; it was neutralized by our ambushes.  our units are entrenched in the mansions of the oligarchs in that sector of escalon neighborhood.  they ambushed and repelled attacks from the vanguard positions launched by the armed forces.  the second direction in which the enemy responded to our presence was directed on the southern freeway.  this second position was ambushed with rpg-7 rocket launchers and machinegun fire.  the third enemy position, which was advancing on santa tecla, was ambushed at la universal point and was also neutralized.  the atlacatl battalion deployment along guadalupe gardens was also neutralized.  our battalions are staging sabotage actions on electricity posts in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods.    also, we have a new report which indicates that fmln units have set up downed electricity posts as barricades along the south freeway and in the escalon neighborhood.  we repeat, along the south freeway and in the escalon neighborhood, fmln units have used downed electricity posts and vehicles as barricades.    this is the situation in el salvador.  throughout the northern sector of the capital, our units are maintaining positions.  the troops in the interior part of the republic in that northern region refuse to advance toward our positions, while our units are extending along the northwestern and southwestern region of the capital.  our units are extending and moving foward along these zones.  the air force has opened fire on some of our positions in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods.  we reiterate the call to the inhabitants of the escalon and san benito neighborhoods to abandon all those zones immediately.  the air force is beginning new air raids on fmln positions in those regions.  therefore, we call on the inhabitants of the escalon and san benito neighborhoods to leave those areas.</s>', 'start_gold': 1251, 'end_gold': 1264, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(482, 485, ' fmln', 0.5694190263748169), (482, 488, ' fmln positions in those', -1.0213934183120728), (482, 484, ' fml', -2.6952829360961914)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>our fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) forces have taken over bunkers from the various military chiefs in escalon and manuel jose arce neighborhoods where our units seized thousands of cartridges, rifles, grenades, and other types of arms which these military chiefs usually store in the bunkers that they maintain in these residential sectors.    as we have reported, the general staff responded with a 4-pronged delayed response.  the armed forces attacked from four advanced positions, one held by the bracamonte battalion, which advanced toward escalon; it was neutralized by our ambushes.  our units are entrenched in the mansions of the oligarchs in that sector of escalon neighborhood.  they ambushed and repelled attacks from the vanguard positions launched by the armed forces.  the second direction in which the enemy responded to our presence was directed on the southern freeway.  this second position was ambushed with rpg-7 rocket launchers and machinegun fire.  the third enemy position, which was advancing on santa tecla, was ambushed at la universal point and was also neutralized.  the atlacatl battalion deployment along guadalupe gardens was also neutralized.  our battalions are staging sabotage actions on electricity posts in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods.    also, we have a new report which indicates that fmln units have set up downed electricity posts as barricades along the south freeway and in the escalon neighborhood.  we repeat, along the south freeway and in the escalon neighborhood, fmln units have used downed electricity posts and vehicles as barricades.    this is the situation in el salvador.  throughout the northern sector of the capital, our units are maintaining positions.  the troops in the interior part of the republic in that northern region refuse to advance toward our positions, while our units are extending along the northwestern and southwestern region of the capital.  our units are extending and moving foward along these zones.  the air force has opened fire on some of our positions in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods.  we reiterate the call to the inhabitants of the escalon and san benito neighborhoods to abandon all those zones immediately.  the air force is beginning new air raids on fmln positions in those regions.  therefore, we call on the inhabitants of the escalon and san benito neighborhoods to leave those areas.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(148, 149, ' olig', -0.985548734664917), (148, 156, ' oligarchs in that sector of escalon', -3.5214242935180664), (148, 157, ' oligarchs in that sector of escalon neighborhood', -4.047367095947266)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>our fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) forces have taken over bunkers from the various military chiefs in escalon and manuel jose arce neighborhoods where our units seized thousands of cartridges, rifles, grenades, and other types of arms which these military chiefs usually store in the bunkers that they maintain in these residential sectors.    as we have reported, the general staff responded with a 4-pronged delayed response.  the armed forces attacked from four advanced positions, one held by the bracamonte battalion, which advanced toward escalon; it was neutralized by our ambushes.  our units are entrenched in the mansions of the oligarchs in that sector of escalon neighborhood.  they ambushed and repelled attacks from the vanguard positions launched by the armed forces.  the second direction in which the enemy responded to our presence was directed on the southern freeway.  this second position was ambushed with rpg-7 rocket launchers and machinegun fire.  the third enemy position, which was advancing on santa tecla, was ambushed at la universal point and was also neutralized.  the atlacatl battalion deployment along guadalupe gardens was also neutralized.  our battalions are staging sabotage actions on electricity posts in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods.    also, we have a new report which indicates that fmln units have set up downed electricity posts as barricades along the south freeway and in the escalon neighborhood.  we repeat, along the south freeway and in the escalon neighborhood, fmln units have used downed electricity posts and vehicles as barricades.    this is the situation in el salvador.  throughout the northern sector of the capital, our units are maintaining positions.  the troops in the interior part of the republic in that northern region refuse to advance toward our positions, while our units are extending along the northwestern and southwestern region of the capital.  our units are extending and moving foward along these zones.  the air force has opened fire on some of our positions in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods.  we reiterate the call to the inhabitants of the escalon and san benito neighborhoods to abandon all those zones immediately.  the air force is beginning new air raids on fmln positions in those regions.  therefore, we call on the inhabitants of the escalon and san benito neighborhoods to leave those areas.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(64, 65, ' military', 6.547482013702393), (64, 71, ' military chiefs usually store in the bunk', 5.471152305603027), (64, 78, ' military chiefs usually store in the bunkers that they maintain in these residential', 5.03468132019043)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>la prensa newspaper today reported that the sandinists did send a plane to el salvador.  the aircraft is a cessna 310.  the identity of the crewmen in the nicaraguan planes that crashed in el salvador over the past weekend carrying soviet arms is a state secret acceded to by la prensa this morning after getting in touch with a high-ranking source in the sandinist army.  the source disclosed further details of the butterfly operation.  the army source, which of course requested to remain anonymous, confirmed that the plane that crashed in san miguel belongs to nicaragua and that the plane's registration is yankee november bravo yankee kilo.    there are no reports so far as to whether any relatives have claimed the bodies of the four military men who were reportedly killed when the plane crashed. three of the crewmen were killed instantly, while the fourth committed suicide.  a picture of a young cuban girl, dated in july, is the only published clue as to the identity of the men, whether nicaraguans, cubans, or salvadorans, commissioned for this clandestine mission directed from nicaragua.  our source said that young salvadoran guerrillas were trained at the national civilian flight school over the past few months.  the training was supervised by captain robin romero, the flight school's director.  the training was also conducted at punta huete and los brasiles.  most of the flights were made at night. the student pilots used oil lamps as landing lights.  the source said the training flights were conducted in light single-engine planes from sandino airport to punta huete or los brasiles.    the head of this operation was commander christian pichardo.  in the operation also participated two salvadoran guerrilla commanders whose identities are unknown.  the cessna 310 had been leased by the national development bank (bnd), which in turn had acquired the plane from the zeta national charter service, an aeronica subsidiary.  bnd administrative director marcos blandon gravy leased the plane, one of several aircraft intended to be sent to el salvador.  another single-engine cessna, with registration charlie bravo papa, and an aero commander, were added to the inventory.  according to our source, the aero commander was confiscated from colombian drug traffickers in puerto cabezas a year ago when they were intercepted by sandinist air force (fas) planes.  the planes involved in the operation, however, remained unequipped to fly to el salvador until further notice. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(509, 519, ' colombian drug traffickers in puerto cabez', 1.2359586954116821), (509, 513, ' colombian drug', 0.7865853309631348), (509, 518, ' colombian drug traffickers in puerto cab', -3.993305206298828)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>la prensa newspaper today reported that the sandinists did send a plane to el salvador.  the aircraft is a cessna 310.  the identity of the crewmen in the nicaraguan planes that crashed in el salvador over the past weekend carrying soviet arms is a state secret acceded to by la prensa this morning after getting in touch with a high-ranking source in the sandinist army.  the source disclosed further details of the butterfly operation.  the army source, which of course requested to remain anonymous, confirmed that the plane that crashed in san miguel belongs to nicaragua and that the plane's registration is yankee november bravo yankee kilo.    there are no reports so far as to whether any relatives have claimed the bodies of the four military men who were reportedly killed when the plane crashed. three of the crewmen were killed instantly, while the fourth committed suicide.  a picture of a young cuban girl, dated in july, is the only published clue as to the identity of the men, whether nicaraguans, cubans, or salvadorans, commissioned for this clandestine mission directed from nicaragua.  our source said that young salvadoran guerrillas were trained at the national civilian flight school over the past few months.  the training was supervised by captain robin romero, the flight school's director.  the training was also conducted at punta huete and los brasiles.  most of the flights were made at night. the student pilots used oil lamps as landing lights.  the source said the training flights were conducted in light single-engine planes from sandino airport to punta huete or los brasiles.    the head of this operation was commander christian pichardo.  in the operation also participated two salvadoran guerrilla commanders whose identities are unknown.  the cessna 310 had been leased by the national development bank (bnd), which in turn had acquired the plane from the zeta national charter service, an aeronica subsidiary.  bnd administrative director marcos blandon gravy leased the plane, one of several aircraft intended to be sent to el salvador.  another single-engine cessna, with registration charlie bravo papa, and an aero commander, were added to the inventory.  according to our source, the aero commander was confiscated from colombian drug traffickers in puerto cabezas a year ago when they were intercepted by sandinist air force (fas) planes.  the planes involved in the operation, however, remained unequipped to fly to el salvador until further notice. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(509, 513, ' colombian drug', 1.6679565906524658), (509, 519, ' colombian drug traffickers in puerto cabez', 1.5542407035827637), (509, 511, ' colomb', -3.1689696311950684)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>la prensa newspaper today reported that the sandinists did send a plane to el salvador.  the aircraft is a cessna 310.  the identity of the crewmen in the nicaraguan planes that crashed in el salvador over the past weekend carrying soviet arms is a state secret acceded to by la prensa this morning after getting in touch with a high-ranking source in the sandinist army.  the source disclosed further details of the butterfly operation.  the army source, which of course requested to remain anonymous, confirmed that the plane that crashed in san miguel belongs to nicaragua and that the plane's registration is yankee november bravo yankee kilo.    there are no reports so far as to whether any relatives have claimed the bodies of the four military men who were reportedly killed when the plane crashed. three of the crewmen were killed instantly, while the fourth committed suicide.  a picture of a young cuban girl, dated in july, is the only published clue as to the identity of the men, whether nicaraguans, cubans, or salvadorans, commissioned for this clandestine mission directed from nicaragua.  our source said that young salvadoran guerrillas were trained at the national civilian flight school over the past few months.  the training was supervised by captain robin romero, the flight school's director.  the training was also conducted at punta huete and los brasiles.  most of the flights were made at night. the student pilots used oil lamps as landing lights.  the source said the training flights were conducted in light single-engine planes from sandino airport to punta huete or los brasiles.    the head of this operation was commander christian pichardo.  in the operation also participated two salvadoran guerrilla commanders whose identities are unknown.  the cessna 310 had been leased by the national development bank (bnd), which in turn had acquired the plane from the zeta national charter service, an aeronica subsidiary.  bnd administrative director marcos blandon gravy leased the plane, one of several aircraft intended to be sent to el salvador.  another single-engine cessna, with registration charlie bravo papa, and an aero commander, were added to the inventory.  according to our source, the aero commander was confiscated from colombian drug traffickers in puerto cabezas a year ago when they were intercepted by sandinist air force (fas) planes.  the planes involved in the operation, however, remained unequipped to fly to el salvador until further notice. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(508, 518, ' colombian drug traffickers in puerto cabez', 0.402396023273468), (508, 536, ' colombian drug traffickers in puerto cabezas a year ago when they were intercepted by sandinist air force (fas)', -3.107656717300415), (508, 512, ' colombian drug', -3.6456668376922607)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>la prensa newspaper today reported that the sandinists did send a plane to el salvador.  the aircraft is a cessna 310.  the identity of the crewmen in the nicaraguan planes that crashed in el salvador over the past weekend carrying soviet arms is a state secret acceded to by la prensa this morning after getting in touch with a high-ranking source in the sandinist army.  the source disclosed further details of the butterfly operation.  the army source, which of course requested to remain anonymous, confirmed that the plane that crashed in san miguel belongs to nicaragua and that the plane's registration is yankee november bravo yankee kilo.    there are no reports so far as to whether any relatives have claimed the bodies of the four military men who were reportedly killed when the plane crashed. three of the crewmen were killed instantly, while the fourth committed suicide.  a picture of a young cuban girl, dated in july, is the only published clue as to the identity of the men, whether nicaraguans, cubans, or salvadorans, commissioned for this clandestine mission directed from nicaragua.  our source said that young salvadoran guerrillas were trained at the national civilian flight school over the past few months.  the training was supervised by captain robin romero, the flight school's director.  the training was also conducted at punta huete and los brasiles.  most of the flights were made at night. the student pilots used oil lamps as landing lights.  the source said the training flights were conducted in light single-engine planes from sandino airport to punta huete or los brasiles.    the head of this operation was commander christian pichardo.  in the operation also participated two salvadoran guerrilla commanders whose identities are unknown.  the cessna 310 had been leased by the national development bank (bnd), which in turn had acquired the plane from the zeta national charter service, an aeronica subsidiary.  bnd administrative director marcos blandon gravy leased the plane, one of several aircraft intended to be sent to el salvador.  another single-engine cessna, with registration charlie bravo papa, and an aero commander, were added to the inventory.  according to our source, the aero commander was confiscated from colombian drug traffickers in puerto cabezas a year ago when they were intercepted by sandinist air force (fas) planes.  the planes involved in the operation, however, remained unequipped to fly to el salvador until further notice. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(178, 180, ' four military', 5.743524551391602), (178, 188, ' four military men who were reportedly killed when the plane', 4.573351860046387), (178, 189, ' four military men who were reportedly killed when the plane crashed', 4.11721134185791)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>la prensa newspaper today reported that the sandinists did send a plane to el salvador.  the aircraft is a cessna 310.  the identity of the crewmen in the nicaraguan planes that crashed in el salvador over the past weekend carrying soviet arms is a state secret acceded to by la prensa this morning after getting in touch with a high-ranking source in the sandinist army.  the source disclosed further details of the butterfly operation.  the army source, which of course requested to remain anonymous, confirmed that the plane that crashed in san miguel belongs to nicaragua and that the plane's registration is yankee november bravo yankee kilo.    there are no reports so far as to whether any relatives have claimed the bodies of the four military men who were reportedly killed when the plane crashed. three of the crewmen were killed instantly, while the fourth committed suicide.  a picture of a young cuban girl, dated in july, is the only published clue as to the identity of the men, whether nicaraguans, cubans, or salvadorans, commissioned for this clandestine mission directed from nicaragua.  our source said that young salvadoran guerrillas were trained at the national civilian flight school over the past few months.  the training was supervised by captain robin romero, the flight school's director.  the training was also conducted at punta huete and los brasiles.  most of the flights were made at night. the student pilots used oil lamps as landing lights.  the source said the training flights were conducted in light single-engine planes from sandino airport to punta huete or los brasiles.    the head of this operation was commander christian pichardo.  in the operation also participated two salvadoran guerrilla commanders whose identities are unknown.  the cessna 310 had been leased by the national development bank (bnd), which in turn had acquired the plane from the zeta national charter service, an aeronica subsidiary.  bnd administrative director marcos blandon gravy leased the plane, one of several aircraft intended to be sent to el salvador.  another single-engine cessna, with registration charlie bravo papa, and an aero commander, were added to the inventory.  according to our source, the aero commander was confiscated from colombian drug traffickers in puerto cabezas a year ago when they were intercepted by sandinist air force (fas) planes.  the planes involved in the operation, however, remained unequipped to fly to el salvador until further notice. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(63, 66, ' soviet', 5.657217979431152), (63, 65, ' sov', 3.8327646255493164), (63, 70, ' soviet arms is a state', 0.9642908573150635)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>a powerful bomb hidden in a truck exploded outside the headquarters of colombia's secret police wednesday, causing severe damage, bogota mayor andres pastrana said.    early reports said several people were killed and injured.    mr. pastrana said the bomb exploded outside the building of the secret police, known from the spanish initials as das (administrative department of security), in western bogota at 7:35 a.m.    the nearby offices of the bogota transportation department were also damaged, he said.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(26, 27, ' secret', -2.8060684204101562), (26, 56, ' secret police wednesday, causing severe damage, bogota mayor andres pastrana said.    early reports said several people were killed and', -5.365663051605225), (26, 42, ' secret police wednesday, causing severe damage, bogota mayor andres pastr', -7.259533405303955)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>a powerful bomb hidden in a truck exploded outside the headquarters of colombia's secret police wednesday, causing severe damage, bogota mayor andres pastrana said.    early reports said several people were killed and injured.    mr. pastrana said the bomb exploded outside the building of the secret police, known from the spanish initials as das (administrative department of security), in western bogota at 7:35 a.m.    the nearby offices of the bogota transportation department were also damaged, he said.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(22, 27, " colombia's secret", 0.15304067730903625), (22, 24, ' colomb', -4.080541133880615), (22, 25, ' colombia', -4.38084077835083)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>a powerful bomb hidden in a truck exploded outside the headquarters of colombia's secret police wednesday, causing severe damage, bogota mayor andres pastrana said.    early reports said several people were killed and injured.    mr. pastrana said the bomb exploded outside the building of the secret police, known from the spanish initials as das (administrative department of security), in western bogota at 7:35 a.m.    the nearby offices of the bogota transportation department were also damaged, he said.</s>", 'start_gold': 63, 'end_gold': 82, 'gold': ' pastrana said the bomb exploded outside the building of the secret police, known from the sp', 'candidates': [(21, 26, " colombia's secret", 0.19998610019683838), (21, 23, ' colomb', -5.446446895599365), (21, 32, " colombia's secret police wednesday, causing severe", -5.458253383636475)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>a powerful bomb hidden in a truck exploded outside the headquarters of colombia's secret police wednesday, causing severe damage, bogota mayor andres pastrana said.    early reports said several people were killed and injured.    mr. pastrana said the bomb exploded outside the building of the secret police, known from the spanish initials as das (administrative department of security), in western bogota at 7:35 a.m.    the nearby offices of the bogota transportation department were also damaged, he said.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(50, 55, ' several people were killed and', 9.07545280456543), (50, 53, ' several people were', 4.263047218322754), (50, 56, ' several people were killed and injured', 3.8961386680603027)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>a powerful bomb hidden in a truck exploded outside the headquarters of colombia's secret police wednesday, causing severe damage, bogota mayor andres pastrana said.    early reports said several people were killed and injured.    mr. pastrana said the bomb exploded outside the building of the secret police, known from the spanish initials as das (administrative department of security), in western bogota at 7:35 a.m.    the nearby offices of the bogota transportation department were also damaged, he said.</s>", 'start_gold': 10, 'end_gold': 26, 'gold': " powerful bomb hidden in a truck exploded outside the headquarters of colombia's secret", 'candidates': [(25, 26, ' secret', 10.174837112426758), (25, 25, '', 3.1935718059539795), (25, 28, ' secret police wed', 1.454578161239624)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the treasury police have informed this network that terrorist (words indistinct) alberto chica fernandez, a leader in the (name indistinct) labor union, confessed that the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) terrorist leaders may initiate summary actions with a view to purging the leaders of leftist groups because of the failure of the so-called "final offensive to the end."    chica said that the terrorist leadership has violently (word indistinct) humberto centeno, marco tulio lima, and an individual identified only as julio cesar, from the unts (national union of salvadoran workers), as well as other leftist leaders, for providing false information regarding the conditions for a popular insurrection.    according to chica, the fmln leaders in managua decided to launch the offensive, trusting the unts leaders\' reports that conditions were right for an insurrection because febe elizabeth velazquez\' death in the dynamite attack against fenastras (salvadoran workers national union federation) had ignited the people\'s spirits.  the prisoner said that the fmln may carry out a summary trial in the style of communist parties against those responsible for the failure.    now, he said, to save themselves from the responsibility of having deceived the terrorist criminals who allowed themselves to be led by lies, the unts leaders are expected to call news conferences to announce that their struggle continues.    meanwhile, a report from zacatecoluca, la paz department, indicates that fmln terrorist criminals, using sam-7 missiles, attacked a salvadoran air force 0-2 airplane which was in the area directing support near piedra grande abajo in the jurisdiction of zacatecoluca. no damages or casualties were reported.    another fmln missile was fired from las piedras hill, in the same area, against another salvadoran air force 0-2 airplane, but the airplane was not damaged.  the source says the missile exploded in the air over zacatecoluca.    the air force, to which experienced pilots lend their professional services, is admired by the people, who are grateful to their armed forces.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(127, 131, ' julio c', 10.693998336791992), (127, 145, ' julio cesar, from the unts (national union of salvadoran workers', 7.949721336364746), (127, 144, ' julio cesar, from the unts (national union of salvadoran', 7.436725616455078)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the treasury police have informed this network that terrorist (words indistinct) alberto chica fernandez, a leader in the (name indistinct) labor union, confessed that the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) terrorist leaders may initiate summary actions with a view to purging the leaders of leftist groups because of the failure of the so-called "final offensive to the end."    chica said that the terrorist leadership has violently (word indistinct) humberto centeno, marco tulio lima, and an individual identified only as julio cesar, from the unts (national union of salvadoran workers), as well as other leftist leaders, for providing false information regarding the conditions for a popular insurrection.    according to chica, the fmln leaders in managua decided to launch the offensive, trusting the unts leaders\' reports that conditions were right for an insurrection because febe elizabeth velazquez\' death in the dynamite attack against fenastras (salvadoran workers national union federation) had ignited the people\'s spirits.  the prisoner said that the fmln may carry out a summary trial in the style of communist parties against those responsible for the failure.    now, he said, to save themselves from the responsibility of having deceived the terrorist criminals who allowed themselves to be led by lies, the unts leaders are expected to call news conferences to announce that their struggle continues.    meanwhile, a report from zacatecoluca, la paz department, indicates that fmln terrorist criminals, using sam-7 missiles, attacked a salvadoran air force 0-2 airplane which was in the area directing support near piedra grande abajo in the jurisdiction of zacatecoluca. no damages or casualties were reported.    another fmln missile was fired from las piedras hill, in the same area, against another salvadoran air force 0-2 airplane, but the airplane was not damaged.  the source says the missile exploded in the air over zacatecoluca.    the air force, to which experienced pilots lend their professional services, is admired by the people, who are grateful to their armed forces.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(284, 285, ' terrorist', 2.6090517044067383), (284, 284, '', -0.06704556941986084), (333, 337, ' fmln terrorist', 3.6332521438598633)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the treasury police have informed this network that terrorist (words indistinct) alberto chica fernandez, a leader in the (name indistinct) labor union, confessed that the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) terrorist leaders may initiate summary actions with a view to purging the leaders of leftist groups because of the failure of the so-called "final offensive to the end."    chica said that the terrorist leadership has violently (word indistinct) humberto centeno, marco tulio lima, and an individual identified only as julio cesar, from the unts (national union of salvadoran workers), as well as other leftist leaders, for providing false information regarding the conditions for a popular insurrection.    according to chica, the fmln leaders in managua decided to launch the offensive, trusting the unts leaders\' reports that conditions were right for an insurrection because febe elizabeth velazquez\' death in the dynamite attack against fenastras (salvadoran workers national union federation) had ignited the people\'s spirits.  the prisoner said that the fmln may carry out a summary trial in the style of communist parties against those responsible for the failure.    now, he said, to save themselves from the responsibility of having deceived the terrorist criminals who allowed themselves to be led by lies, the unts leaders are expected to call news conferences to announce that their struggle continues.    meanwhile, a report from zacatecoluca, la paz department, indicates that fmln terrorist criminals, using sam-7 missiles, attacked a salvadoran air force 0-2 airplane which was in the area directing support near piedra grande abajo in the jurisdiction of zacatecoluca. no damages or casualties were reported.    another fmln missile was fired from las piedras hill, in the same area, against another salvadoran air force 0-2 airplane, but the airplane was not damaged.  the source says the missile exploded in the air over zacatecoluca.    the air force, to which experienced pilots lend their professional services, is admired by the people, who are grateful to their armed forces.</s>', 'start_gold': 971, 'end_gold': 984, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(71, 74, ' leaders of leftist', 0.24192291498184204), (71, 71, '', -3.8703253269195557), (73, 74, ' leftist', -0.32093432545661926)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the treasury police have informed this network that terrorist (words indistinct) alberto chica fernandez, a leader in the (name indistinct) labor union, confessed that the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) terrorist leaders may initiate summary actions with a view to purging the leaders of leftist groups because of the failure of the so-called "final offensive to the end."    chica said that the terrorist leadership has violently (word indistinct) humberto centeno, marco tulio lima, and an individual identified only as julio cesar, from the unts (national union of salvadoran workers), as well as other leftist leaders, for providing false information regarding the conditions for a popular insurrection.    according to chica, the fmln leaders in managua decided to launch the offensive, trusting the unts leaders\' reports that conditions were right for an insurrection because febe elizabeth velazquez\' death in the dynamite attack against fenastras (salvadoran workers national union federation) had ignited the people\'s spirits.  the prisoner said that the fmln may carry out a summary trial in the style of communist parties against those responsible for the failure.    now, he said, to save themselves from the responsibility of having deceived the terrorist criminals who allowed themselves to be led by lies, the unts leaders are expected to call news conferences to announce that their struggle continues.    meanwhile, a report from zacatecoluca, la paz department, indicates that fmln terrorist criminals, using sam-7 missiles, attacked a salvadoran air force 0-2 airplane which was in the area directing support near piedra grande abajo in the jurisdiction of zacatecoluca. no damages or casualties were reported.    another fmln missile was fired from las piedras hill, in the same area, against another salvadoran air force 0-2 airplane, but the airplane was not damaged.  the source says the missile exploded in the air over zacatecoluca.    the air force, to which experienced pilots lend their professional services, is admired by the people, who are grateful to their armed forces.</s>', 'start_gold': 908, 'end_gold': 925, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(380, 385, ' no damages or casualties were', 3.2251105308532715), (380, 381, ' no', 2.282179117202759), (380, 386, ' no damages or casualties were reported', 1.14015531539917)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the treasury police have informed this network that terrorist (words indistinct) alberto chica fernandez, a leader in the (name indistinct) labor union, confessed that the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) terrorist leaders may initiate summary actions with a view to purging the leaders of leftist groups because of the failure of the so-called "final offensive to the end."    chica said that the terrorist leadership has violently (word indistinct) humberto centeno, marco tulio lima, and an individual identified only as julio cesar, from the unts (national union of salvadoran workers), as well as other leftist leaders, for providing false information regarding the conditions for a popular insurrection.    according to chica, the fmln leaders in managua decided to launch the offensive, trusting the unts leaders\' reports that conditions were right for an insurrection because febe elizabeth velazquez\' death in the dynamite attack against fenastras (salvadoran workers national union federation) had ignited the people\'s spirits.  the prisoner said that the fmln may carry out a summary trial in the style of communist parties against those responsible for the failure.    now, he said, to save themselves from the responsibility of having deceived the terrorist criminals who allowed themselves to be led by lies, the unts leaders are expected to call news conferences to announce that their struggle continues.    meanwhile, a report from zacatecoluca, la paz department, indicates that fmln terrorist criminals, using sam-7 missiles, attacked a salvadoran air force 0-2 airplane which was in the area directing support near piedra grande abajo in the jurisdiction of zacatecoluca. no damages or casualties were reported.    another fmln missile was fired from las piedras hill, in the same area, against another salvadoran air force 0-2 airplane, but the airplane was not damaged.  the source says the missile exploded in the air over zacatecoluca.    the air force, to which experienced pilots lend their professional services, is admired by the people, who are grateful to their armed forces.</s>', 'start_gold': 947, 'end_gold': 960, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(332, 336, ' fmln terrorist', 10.762819290161133), (332, 342, ' fmln terrorist criminals, using sam-7', 8.642539978027344), (332, 337, ' fmln terrorist criminals', 7.547072410583496)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>marco antonio guevara, of the "up to date" newscast.    (guevara) how do the five presidents conceive the demobilization of the fmln?  how does the salvadoran government conceive this happening?    (cristiani) i believe there have been substantial changes in this presidential meeting as compared to previous meetings.  to explain this better, marco antonio, we must say we will not fall into what has been used in the past, that is, the famous symmetry.  on this occasion, we have been very clear and categorical when we said that we were not willing to continue contributing sacrifices and other things from the salvadoran government in order to solve the nicaraguan problem exclusively.  we demanded uniformity, and any other country confronting the aggression of an irregular force -- any other country in central america -- also has the right to be treated in a uniform manner, as far as measures and criteria that may be adopted in the presidential meetings.    that is why today for the first time you are seeing how the measures adopted for the nicaraguan resistance -- that had been granted most of the attention up to now -- are also being adopted for the fmln.    we cannot allow a country to claim it is the only target of an aggression by an irregular armed force supported from abroad.  here in el salvador we now have greater evidence following this 11 november terrorist aggression that the fmln is a movement that can survive only with support from abroad, and that it obeys and exists because of international movements.    in the second place, it has demonstrated that it only has the capacity to generate terrorism, which has been mentioned in this document.  we cannot continue just talking about demobilization and pacification in nicaragua.  it is time to apply this to all irregular groups, be it the urng (guatemalan national revolutionary unity) in guatemala, or any other irregular armed group that may come up and may try to hinder the democratic process in the area.    we see this as something that has gone deep into the minds of all the central american presidents, and from now on, we will have greater uniformity in treating all of those irregular groups that operate in the region.    (moderator) rene hurtado of el mundo.    (hurtado) mr president, following the tela and costa del sol meetings, nicaragua has changed its stand.  in costa rica, president ortega was asked if he had sold out the fmln in exchange for the demobilization of the contras and other results of the summit in favor of nicaragua.  i would like to know your opinion about this, and also how you interpret the fact that president ortega has accepted some issues about the fmln that he did not allow in tela or costa del sol? on the other hand, will the demobilization of the fmln be the result of a dialogue or negotiations later on?    (cristiani) in the first place, i believe that daniel ortega was unable to pull any more tricks out of his hat, and he was facing a fact he could no longer hide: he is the one who is spreading armed revolutions in central america and trying to hamper democratic processes in the region.  once more he has been caught not honoring the commitments agreed on in tela, but rather violating these commitments.  on this occasion he has been left with no possible defense.    therefore, in our opinion, he has no option other than to accept the reality of what is happening in central america, or see himself totally isolated amid a peace plan that has international support. this situation would cause him many problems and headaches in political and diplomatic matters.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(705, 727, ' he is the one who is spreading armed revolutions in central america and trying to hamper democratic processes in the', 2.8978490829467773), (705, 717, ' he is the one who is spreading armed revolutions in central americ', 2.242626667022705), (705, 713, ' he is the one who is spreading armed', 2.0862979888916016)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>marco antonio guevara, of the "up to date" newscast.    (guevara) how do the five presidents conceive the demobilization of the fmln?  how does the salvadoran government conceive this happening?    (cristiani) i believe there have been substantial changes in this presidential meeting as compared to previous meetings.  to explain this better, marco antonio, we must say we will not fall into what has been used in the past, that is, the famous symmetry.  on this occasion, we have been very clear and categorical when we said that we were not willing to continue contributing sacrifices and other things from the salvadoran government in order to solve the nicaraguan problem exclusively.  we demanded uniformity, and any other country confronting the aggression of an irregular force -- any other country in central america -- also has the right to be treated in a uniform manner, as far as measures and criteria that may be adopted in the presidential meetings.    that is why today for the first time you are seeing how the measures adopted for the nicaraguan resistance -- that had been granted most of the attention up to now -- are also being adopted for the fmln.    we cannot allow a country to claim it is the only target of an aggression by an irregular armed force supported from abroad.  here in el salvador we now have greater evidence following this 11 november terrorist aggression that the fmln is a movement that can survive only with support from abroad, and that it obeys and exists because of international movements.    in the second place, it has demonstrated that it only has the capacity to generate terrorism, which has been mentioned in this document.  we cannot continue just talking about demobilization and pacification in nicaragua.  it is time to apply this to all irregular groups, be it the urng (guatemalan national revolutionary unity) in guatemala, or any other irregular armed group that may come up and may try to hinder the democratic process in the area.    we see this as something that has gone deep into the minds of all the central american presidents, and from now on, we will have greater uniformity in treating all of those irregular groups that operate in the region.    (moderator) rene hurtado of el mundo.    (hurtado) mr president, following the tela and costa del sol meetings, nicaragua has changed its stand.  in costa rica, president ortega was asked if he had sold out the fmln in exchange for the demobilization of the contras and other results of the summit in favor of nicaragua.  i would like to know your opinion about this, and also how you interpret the fact that president ortega has accepted some issues about the fmln that he did not allow in tela or costa del sol? on the other hand, will the demobilization of the fmln be the result of a dialogue or negotiations later on?    (cristiani) in the first place, i believe that daniel ortega was unable to pull any more tricks out of his hat, and he was facing a fact he could no longer hide: he is the one who is spreading armed revolutions in central america and trying to hamper democratic processes in the region.  once more he has been caught not honoring the commitments agreed on in tela, but rather violating these commitments.  on this occasion he has been left with no possible defense.    therefore, in our opinion, he has no option other than to accept the reality of what is happening in central america, or see himself totally isolated amid a peace plan that has international support. this situation would cause him many problems and headaches in political and diplomatic matters.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(486, 487, ' irregular', 1.457505226135254), (486, 492, ' irregular groups that operate in the', -0.011732339859008789), (486, 509, ' irregular groups that operate in the region.    (moderator) rene hurtado of el mund', -0.6289504170417786)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>marco antonio guevara, of the "up to date" newscast.    (guevara) how do the five presidents conceive the demobilization of the fmln?  how does the salvadoran government conceive this happening?    (cristiani) i believe there have been substantial changes in this presidential meeting as compared to previous meetings.  to explain this better, marco antonio, we must say we will not fall into what has been used in the past, that is, the famous symmetry.  on this occasion, we have been very clear and categorical when we said that we were not willing to continue contributing sacrifices and other things from the salvadoran government in order to solve the nicaraguan problem exclusively.  we demanded uniformity, and any other country confronting the aggression of an irregular force -- any other country in central america -- also has the right to be treated in a uniform manner, as far as measures and criteria that may be adopted in the presidential meetings.    that is why today for the first time you are seeing how the measures adopted for the nicaraguan resistance -- that had been granted most of the attention up to now -- are also being adopted for the fmln.    we cannot allow a country to claim it is the only target of an aggression by an irregular armed force supported from abroad.  here in el salvador we now have greater evidence following this 11 november terrorist aggression that the fmln is a movement that can survive only with support from abroad, and that it obeys and exists because of international movements.    in the second place, it has demonstrated that it only has the capacity to generate terrorism, which has been mentioned in this document.  we cannot continue just talking about demobilization and pacification in nicaragua.  it is time to apply this to all irregular groups, be it the urng (guatemalan national revolutionary unity) in guatemala, or any other irregular armed group that may come up and may try to hinder the democratic process in the area.    we see this as something that has gone deep into the minds of all the central american presidents, and from now on, we will have greater uniformity in treating all of those irregular groups that operate in the region.    (moderator) rene hurtado of el mundo.    (hurtado) mr president, following the tela and costa del sol meetings, nicaragua has changed its stand.  in costa rica, president ortega was asked if he had sold out the fmln in exchange for the demobilization of the contras and other results of the summit in favor of nicaragua.  i would like to know your opinion about this, and also how you interpret the fact that president ortega has accepted some issues about the fmln that he did not allow in tela or costa del sol? on the other hand, will the demobilization of the fmln be the result of a dialogue or negotiations later on?    (cristiani) in the first place, i believe that daniel ortega was unable to pull any more tricks out of his hat, and he was facing a fact he could no longer hide: he is the one who is spreading armed revolutions in central america and trying to hamper democratic processes in the region.  once more he has been caught not honoring the commitments agreed on in tela, but rather violating these commitments.  on this occasion he has been left with no possible defense.    therefore, in our opinion, he has no option other than to accept the reality of what is happening in central america, or see himself totally isolated amid a peace plan that has international support. this situation would cause him many problems and headaches in political and diplomatic matters.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(290, 296, ' an irregular armed force supported from', 0.12031865119934082), (290, 293, ' an irregular armed', -2.320669412612915), (290, 297, ' an irregular armed force supported from abroad', -3.735715866088867)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>marco antonio guevara, of the "up to date" newscast.    (guevara) how do the five presidents conceive the demobilization of the fmln?  how does the salvadoran government conceive this happening?    (cristiani) i believe there have been substantial changes in this presidential meeting as compared to previous meetings.  to explain this better, marco antonio, we must say we will not fall into what has been used in the past, that is, the famous symmetry.  on this occasion, we have been very clear and categorical when we said that we were not willing to continue contributing sacrifices and other things from the salvadoran government in order to solve the nicaraguan problem exclusively.  we demanded uniformity, and any other country confronting the aggression of an irregular force -- any other country in central america -- also has the right to be treated in a uniform manner, as far as measures and criteria that may be adopted in the presidential meetings.    that is why today for the first time you are seeing how the measures adopted for the nicaraguan resistance -- that had been granted most of the attention up to now -- are also being adopted for the fmln.    we cannot allow a country to claim it is the only target of an aggression by an irregular armed force supported from abroad.  here in el salvador we now have greater evidence following this 11 november terrorist aggression that the fmln is a movement that can survive only with support from abroad, and that it obeys and exists because of international movements.    in the second place, it has demonstrated that it only has the capacity to generate terrorism, which has been mentioned in this document.  we cannot continue just talking about demobilization and pacification in nicaragua.  it is time to apply this to all irregular groups, be it the urng (guatemalan national revolutionary unity) in guatemala, or any other irregular armed group that may come up and may try to hinder the democratic process in the area.    we see this as something that has gone deep into the minds of all the central american presidents, and from now on, we will have greater uniformity in treating all of those irregular groups that operate in the region.    (moderator) rene hurtado of el mundo.    (hurtado) mr president, following the tela and costa del sol meetings, nicaragua has changed its stand.  in costa rica, president ortega was asked if he had sold out the fmln in exchange for the demobilization of the contras and other results of the summit in favor of nicaragua.  i would like to know your opinion about this, and also how you interpret the fact that president ortega has accepted some issues about the fmln that he did not allow in tela or costa del sol? on the other hand, will the demobilization of the fmln be the result of a dialogue or negotiations later on?    (cristiani) in the first place, i believe that daniel ortega was unable to pull any more tricks out of his hat, and he was facing a fact he could no longer hide: he is the one who is spreading armed revolutions in central america and trying to hamper democratic processes in the region.  once more he has been caught not honoring the commitments agreed on in tela, but rather violating these commitments.  on this occasion he has been left with no possible defense.    therefore, in our opinion, he has no option other than to accept the reality of what is happening in central america, or see himself totally isolated amid a peace plan that has international support. this situation would cause him many problems and headaches in political and diplomatic matters.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(675, 679, ' daniel orte', -1.597802996635437), (704, 726, ' he is the one who is spreading armed revolutions in central america and trying to hamper democratic processes in the', -2.110494613647461), (704, 716, ' he is the one who is spreading armed revolutions in central americ', -2.142670154571533)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>marco antonio guevara, of the "up to date" newscast.    (guevara) how do the five presidents conceive the demobilization of the fmln?  how does the salvadoran government conceive this happening?    (cristiani) i believe there have been substantial changes in this presidential meeting as compared to previous meetings.  to explain this better, marco antonio, we must say we will not fall into what has been used in the past, that is, the famous symmetry.  on this occasion, we have been very clear and categorical when we said that we were not willing to continue contributing sacrifices and other things from the salvadoran government in order to solve the nicaraguan problem exclusively.  we demanded uniformity, and any other country confronting the aggression of an irregular force -- any other country in central america -- also has the right to be treated in a uniform manner, as far as measures and criteria that may be adopted in the presidential meetings.    that is why today for the first time you are seeing how the measures adopted for the nicaraguan resistance -- that had been granted most of the attention up to now -- are also being adopted for the fmln.    we cannot allow a country to claim it is the only target of an aggression by an irregular armed force supported from abroad.  here in el salvador we now have greater evidence following this 11 november terrorist aggression that the fmln is a movement that can survive only with support from abroad, and that it obeys and exists because of international movements.    in the second place, it has demonstrated that it only has the capacity to generate terrorism, which has been mentioned in this document.  we cannot continue just talking about demobilization and pacification in nicaragua.  it is time to apply this to all irregular groups, be it the urng (guatemalan national revolutionary unity) in guatemala, or any other irregular armed group that may come up and may try to hinder the democratic process in the area.    we see this as something that has gone deep into the minds of all the central american presidents, and from now on, we will have greater uniformity in treating all of those irregular groups that operate in the region.    (moderator) rene hurtado of el mundo.    (hurtado) mr president, following the tela and costa del sol meetings, nicaragua has changed its stand.  in costa rica, president ortega was asked if he had sold out the fmln in exchange for the demobilization of the contras and other results of the summit in favor of nicaragua.  i would like to know your opinion about this, and also how you interpret the fact that president ortega has accepted some issues about the fmln that he did not allow in tela or costa del sol? on the other hand, will the demobilization of the fmln be the result of a dialogue or negotiations later on?    (cristiani) in the first place, i believe that daniel ortega was unable to pull any more tricks out of his hat, and he was facing a fact he could no longer hide: he is the one who is spreading armed revolutions in central america and trying to hamper democratic processes in the region.  once more he has been caught not honoring the commitments agreed on in tela, but rather violating these commitments.  on this occasion he has been left with no possible defense.    therefore, in our opinion, he has no option other than to accept the reality of what is happening in central america, or see himself totally isolated amid a peace plan that has international support. this situation would cause him many problems and headaches in political and diplomatic matters.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(675, 679, ' daniel orte', 9.056190490722656), (704, 726, ' he is the one who is spreading armed revolutions in central america and trying to hamper democratic processes in the', 3.5498900413513184), (704, 716, ' he is the one who is spreading armed revolutions in central americ', 3.3444223403930664)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>comrades: a new element that we must analyze and explain emerged at the conclusion of the central american presidents' emergency meeting. let us see first why the meeting took place.  the main reason is the very complicated predicament in which our offensive has placed cristiani and the high command.  as you will remember, the government has met with much international disrepute and isolation because of the brutal assassination of jesuit priests and the bombing of the civilian population.  let us recall, as a significant fact, that the united nations has condemned the government because of all it has done, especially because of the latest atrocities.  on that occasion, el salvador was the only country that voted against that resolution while 96 countries voted in favor.    we mention this case as a most significant one, but the fact is that there has been so much worldwide condemnation that the dictatorship has found itself in a really desperate situation.  this was a cause of concern for the north americans.    to whom could they turn at a time when all international organizations had turned their backs on cristiani?  the north americans had to resort to some forum that would not condemn the genocidal regime and that, on the contrary, would provide support in spite of all the atrocities the regime has committed.    the most suitable idea was to promote an emergency meeting of central american presidents, because in central america, as we all know, the north americans have had their backyard and most of these countries serve their interests.    the meeting was called to try to pull cristiani out of international isolation.    under what conditions did summit take place?  we have to say first that the presidents of el salvador and costa rica, and probably of guatemala, had reached an agreement prior to the meeting.  the subject of the discussion was a document drafted by arias and cerezo.  this document expressed support for cristiani from the very beginning. joseph sullivan, a u.s. state department official in charge of latin american affairs, as well as other u.s.  state department officials, were present at the meeting.  the costa rican ambassador to nicaragua -- a pro-u.s. man who introduced the nicaraguan contras at the meeting -- was also present, conspiring all the time.  the fmln was not even allowed to enter costa rica.    however, in spite of the fact that the meeting had been fixed and in spite of the u.s. presence, the agreement to support cristiani was achieved almost at the price of killing the esquipulas agreement.  it was not easy.  the u.s. will to condemn the fmln and to back cristiani prevailed in the midst of much bickering and the insolence of the honduran president.    as you can see, it was not easy to find support for the genocidal regime even in places where the north americans think they have the bull by the horns.    let us see, as a third point, in what the declaration consists. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(506, 519, ' the fmln was not even allowed to enter costa r', 6.034566402435303), (506, 518, ' the fmln was not even allowed to enter costa', 5.092538356781006), (506, 520, ' the fmln was not even allowed to enter costa rica', 4.4051361083984375)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>comrades: a new element that we must analyze and explain emerged at the conclusion of the central american presidents' emergency meeting. let us see first why the meeting took place.  the main reason is the very complicated predicament in which our offensive has placed cristiani and the high command.  as you will remember, the government has met with much international disrepute and isolation because of the brutal assassination of jesuit priests and the bombing of the civilian population.  let us recall, as a significant fact, that the united nations has condemned the government because of all it has done, especially because of the latest atrocities.  on that occasion, el salvador was the only country that voted against that resolution while 96 countries voted in favor.    we mention this case as a most significant one, but the fact is that there has been so much worldwide condemnation that the dictatorship has found itself in a really desperate situation.  this was a cause of concern for the north americans.    to whom could they turn at a time when all international organizations had turned their backs on cristiani?  the north americans had to resort to some forum that would not condemn the genocidal regime and that, on the contrary, would provide support in spite of all the atrocities the regime has committed.    the most suitable idea was to promote an emergency meeting of central american presidents, because in central america, as we all know, the north americans have had their backyard and most of these countries serve their interests.    the meeting was called to try to pull cristiani out of international isolation.    under what conditions did summit take place?  we have to say first that the presidents of el salvador and costa rica, and probably of guatemala, had reached an agreement prior to the meeting.  the subject of the discussion was a document drafted by arias and cerezo.  this document expressed support for cristiani from the very beginning. joseph sullivan, a u.s. state department official in charge of latin american affairs, as well as other u.s.  state department officials, were present at the meeting.  the costa rican ambassador to nicaragua -- a pro-u.s. man who introduced the nicaraguan contras at the meeting -- was also present, conspiring all the time.  the fmln was not even allowed to enter costa rica.    however, in spite of the fact that the meeting had been fixed and in spite of the u.s. presence, the agreement to support cristiani was achieved almost at the price of killing the esquipulas agreement.  it was not easy.  the u.s. will to condemn the fmln and to back cristiani prevailed in the midst of much bickering and the insolence of the honduran president.    as you can see, it was not easy to find support for the genocidal regime even in places where the north americans think they have the bull by the horns.    let us see, as a third point, in what the declaration consists. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 338, 'end_gold': 350, 'gold': ' out of international isolation.    under what conditions did', 'candidates': [(506, 519, ' the fmln was not even allowed to enter costa r', 6.926058292388916), (506, 518, ' the fmln was not even allowed to enter costa', 6.187565803527832), (506, 520, ' the fmln was not even allowed to enter costa rica', 5.239335060119629)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>comrades: a new element that we must analyze and explain emerged at the conclusion of the central american presidents' emergency meeting. let us see first why the meeting took place.  the main reason is the very complicated predicament in which our offensive has placed cristiani and the high command.  as you will remember, the government has met with much international disrepute and isolation because of the brutal assassination of jesuit priests and the bombing of the civilian population.  let us recall, as a significant fact, that the united nations has condemned the government because of all it has done, especially because of the latest atrocities.  on that occasion, el salvador was the only country that voted against that resolution while 96 countries voted in favor.    we mention this case as a most significant one, but the fact is that there has been so much worldwide condemnation that the dictatorship has found itself in a really desperate situation.  this was a cause of concern for the north americans.    to whom could they turn at a time when all international organizations had turned their backs on cristiani?  the north americans had to resort to some forum that would not condemn the genocidal regime and that, on the contrary, would provide support in spite of all the atrocities the regime has committed.    the most suitable idea was to promote an emergency meeting of central american presidents, because in central america, as we all know, the north americans have had their backyard and most of these countries serve their interests.    the meeting was called to try to pull cristiani out of international isolation.    under what conditions did summit take place?  we have to say first that the presidents of el salvador and costa rica, and probably of guatemala, had reached an agreement prior to the meeting.  the subject of the discussion was a document drafted by arias and cerezo.  this document expressed support for cristiani from the very beginning. joseph sullivan, a u.s. state department official in charge of latin american affairs, as well as other u.s.  state department officials, were present at the meeting.  the costa rican ambassador to nicaragua -- a pro-u.s. man who introduced the nicaraguan contras at the meeting -- was also present, conspiring all the time.  the fmln was not even allowed to enter costa rica.    however, in spite of the fact that the meeting had been fixed and in spite of the u.s. presence, the agreement to support cristiani was achieved almost at the price of killing the esquipulas agreement.  it was not easy.  the u.s. will to condemn the fmln and to back cristiani prevailed in the midst of much bickering and the insolence of the honduran president.    as you can see, it was not easy to find support for the genocidal regime even in places where the north americans think they have the bull by the horns.    let us see, as a third point, in what the declaration consists. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(99, 103, ' bombing of the civilian', 4.283770561218262), (99, 104, ' bombing of the civilian population', 0.19607007503509521), (99, 99, '', -1.401753544807434)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>comrades: a new element that we must analyze and explain emerged at the conclusion of the central american presidents' emergency meeting. let us see first why the meeting took place.  the main reason is the very complicated predicament in which our offensive has placed cristiani and the high command.  as you will remember, the government has met with much international disrepute and isolation because of the brutal assassination of jesuit priests and the bombing of the civilian population.  let us recall, as a significant fact, that the united nations has condemned the government because of all it has done, especially because of the latest atrocities.  on that occasion, el salvador was the only country that voted against that resolution while 96 countries voted in favor.    we mention this case as a most significant one, but the fact is that there has been so much worldwide condemnation that the dictatorship has found itself in a really desperate situation.  this was a cause of concern for the north americans.    to whom could they turn at a time when all international organizations had turned their backs on cristiani?  the north americans had to resort to some forum that would not condemn the genocidal regime and that, on the contrary, would provide support in spite of all the atrocities the regime has committed.    the most suitable idea was to promote an emergency meeting of central american presidents, because in central america, as we all know, the north americans have had their backyard and most of these countries serve their interests.    the meeting was called to try to pull cristiani out of international isolation.    under what conditions did summit take place?  we have to say first that the presidents of el salvador and costa rica, and probably of guatemala, had reached an agreement prior to the meeting.  the subject of the discussion was a document drafted by arias and cerezo.  this document expressed support for cristiani from the very beginning. joseph sullivan, a u.s. state department official in charge of latin american affairs, as well as other u.s.  state department officials, were present at the meeting.  the costa rican ambassador to nicaragua -- a pro-u.s. man who introduced the nicaraguan contras at the meeting -- was also present, conspiring all the time.  the fmln was not even allowed to enter costa rica.    however, in spite of the fact that the meeting had been fixed and in spite of the u.s. presence, the agreement to support cristiani was achieved almost at the price of killing the esquipulas agreement.  it was not easy.  the u.s. will to condemn the fmln and to back cristiani prevailed in the midst of much bickering and the insolence of the honduran president.    as you can see, it was not easy to find support for the genocidal regime even in places where the north americans think they have the bull by the horns.    let us see, as a third point, in what the declaration consists. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(93, 103, ' jesuit priests and the bombing of the civilian', 3.154247760772705), (93, 96, ' jesuit', 0.9904624223709106), (93, 104, ' jesuit priests and the bombing of the civilian population', -0.3760019540786743)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>comrades: a new element that we must analyze and explain emerged at the conclusion of the central american presidents' emergency meeting. let us see first why the meeting took place.  the main reason is the very complicated predicament in which our offensive has placed cristiani and the high command.  as you will remember, the government has met with much international disrepute and isolation because of the brutal assassination of jesuit priests and the bombing of the civilian population.  let us recall, as a significant fact, that the united nations has condemned the government because of all it has done, especially because of the latest atrocities.  on that occasion, el salvador was the only country that voted against that resolution while 96 countries voted in favor.    we mention this case as a most significant one, but the fact is that there has been so much worldwide condemnation that the dictatorship has found itself in a really desperate situation.  this was a cause of concern for the north americans.    to whom could they turn at a time when all international organizations had turned their backs on cristiani?  the north americans had to resort to some forum that would not condemn the genocidal regime and that, on the contrary, would provide support in spite of all the atrocities the regime has committed.    the most suitable idea was to promote an emergency meeting of central american presidents, because in central america, as we all know, the north americans have had their backyard and most of these countries serve their interests.    the meeting was called to try to pull cristiani out of international isolation.    under what conditions did summit take place?  we have to say first that the presidents of el salvador and costa rica, and probably of guatemala, had reached an agreement prior to the meeting.  the subject of the discussion was a document drafted by arias and cerezo.  this document expressed support for cristiani from the very beginning. joseph sullivan, a u.s. state department official in charge of latin american affairs, as well as other u.s.  state department officials, were present at the meeting.  the costa rican ambassador to nicaragua -- a pro-u.s. man who introduced the nicaraguan contras at the meeting -- was also present, conspiring all the time.  the fmln was not even allowed to enter costa rica.    however, in spite of the fact that the meeting had been fixed and in spite of the u.s. presence, the agreement to support cristiani was achieved almost at the price of killing the esquipulas agreement.  it was not easy.  the u.s. will to condemn the fmln and to back cristiani prevailed in the midst of much bickering and the insolence of the honduran president.    as you can see, it was not easy to find support for the genocidal regime even in places where the north americans think they have the bull by the horns.    let us see, as a third point, in what the declaration consists. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(61, 67, ' cristiani and the high', -0.18836408853530884), (61, 63, ' crist', -0.33686167001724243), (61, 68, ' cristiani and the high command', -2.572387456893921)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>in view of the successful operation today in which gonzalo rodriguez gacha, his son freddy, and several of his bodyguards were killed, president virgilio barco today called an urgent council of ministers meeting to discuss the situation and receive a full report from military and police authorities.  here is the second part of the news conference featuring das director general miguel maza marquez.    (begin recording) (maza) the das has evidence showing that this individual masterminded two attacks including the the most recent and worst one in which more than 60 innocent people were killed.    (reporter) how do you know that gonzalo rodriguez gacha masterminded the recent attack on das?    (maza) because the investigations that we have conducted along with the national police ever since the attack occurred point in that direction.  if we compare the modus operandi of rodriguez and his people, we come to the conclusion that the period between the (word indistinct) and the action itself are very similar.  furthermore, this man was in there celebrating the genocide that he had committed in bogota.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (maza) because the intelligence reports indicate this, and according to certain statements we have, he was overjoyed by the damage that he had caused in the city given the large number of people who were killed; seeing him sunbathing and swimming on the atlantic coast led us to believe this.    (reporter) is this a police reaction to the drug traffickers' attack on das?    (maza) no, i am not saying that it is a reaction.  this is the result of very professional work on the part of the national police. that is what i told the president today.  i briefed him on the events which led to the action that has changed the situation which had prevailed in the country just a few hours ago.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 60, 'end_gold': 79, 'gold': ' situation and receive a full report from military and police authorities.  here is the second part of', 'candidates': [(345, 346, ' drug', 2.2637481689453125), (345, 360, " drug traffickers' attack on das?    (maza)", -2.0361671447753906), (345, 370, " drug traffickers' attack on das?    (maza) no, i am not saying that it is a", -2.681842803955078)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>in view of the successful operation today in which gonzalo rodriguez gacha, his son freddy, and several of his bodyguards were killed, president virgilio barco today called an urgent council of ministers meeting to discuss the situation and receive a full report from military and police authorities.  here is the second part of the news conference featuring das director general miguel maza marquez.    (begin recording) (maza) the das has evidence showing that this individual masterminded two attacks including the the most recent and worst one in which more than 60 innocent people were killed.    (reporter) how do you know that gonzalo rodriguez gacha masterminded the recent attack on das?    (maza) because the investigations that we have conducted along with the national police ever since the attack occurred point in that direction.  if we compare the modus operandi of rodriguez and his people, we come to the conclusion that the period between the (word indistinct) and the action itself are very similar.  furthermore, this man was in there celebrating the genocide that he had committed in bogota.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (maza) because the intelligence reports indicate this, and according to certain statements we have, he was overjoyed by the damage that he had caused in the city given the large number of people who were killed; seeing him sunbathing and swimming on the atlantic coast led us to believe this.    (reporter) is this a police reaction to the drug traffickers' attack on das?    (maza) no, i am not saying that it is a reaction.  this is the result of very professional work on the part of the national police. that is what i told the president today.  i briefed him on the events which led to the action that has changed the situation which had prevailed in the country just a few hours ago.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(345, 346, ' drug', 8.315818786621094), (345, 347, ' drug traffickers', 3.7354774475097656), (345, 351, " drug traffickers' attack on d", 2.542731285095215)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>in view of the successful operation today in which gonzalo rodriguez gacha, his son freddy, and several of his bodyguards were killed, president virgilio barco today called an urgent council of ministers meeting to discuss the situation and receive a full report from military and police authorities.  here is the second part of the news conference featuring das director general miguel maza marquez.    (begin recording) (maza) the das has evidence showing that this individual masterminded two attacks including the the most recent and worst one in which more than 60 innocent people were killed.    (reporter) how do you know that gonzalo rodriguez gacha masterminded the recent attack on das?    (maza) because the investigations that we have conducted along with the national police ever since the attack occurred point in that direction.  if we compare the modus operandi of rodriguez and his people, we come to the conclusion that the period between the (word indistinct) and the action itself are very similar.  furthermore, this man was in there celebrating the genocide that he had committed in bogota.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (maza) because the intelligence reports indicate this, and according to certain statements we have, he was overjoyed by the damage that he had caused in the city given the large number of people who were killed; seeing him sunbathing and swimming on the atlantic coast led us to believe this.    (reporter) is this a police reaction to the drug traffickers' attack on das?    (maza) no, i am not saying that it is a reaction.  this is the result of very professional work on the part of the national police. that is what i told the president today.  i briefed him on the events which led to the action that has changed the situation which had prevailed in the country just a few hours ago.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 367, 'end_gold': 379, 'gold': ' is a reaction.  this is the result of very professional', 'candidates': [(344, 345, ' drug', 7.854145526885986), (344, 350, " drug traffickers' attack on d", 7.638180732727051), (344, 351, " drug traffickers' attack on das", 4.469523906707764)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>in view of the successful operation today in which gonzalo rodriguez gacha, his son freddy, and several of his bodyguards were killed, president virgilio barco today called an urgent council of ministers meeting to discuss the situation and receive a full report from military and police authorities.  here is the second part of the news conference featuring das director general miguel maza marquez.    (begin recording) (maza) the das has evidence showing that this individual masterminded two attacks including the the most recent and worst one in which more than 60 innocent people were killed.    (reporter) how do you know that gonzalo rodriguez gacha masterminded the recent attack on das?    (maza) because the investigations that we have conducted along with the national police ever since the attack occurred point in that direction.  if we compare the modus operandi of rodriguez and his people, we come to the conclusion that the period between the (word indistinct) and the action itself are very similar.  furthermore, this man was in there celebrating the genocide that he had committed in bogota.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (maza) because the intelligence reports indicate this, and according to certain statements we have, he was overjoyed by the damage that he had caused in the city given the large number of people who were killed; seeing him sunbathing and swimming on the atlantic coast led us to believe this.    (reporter) is this a police reaction to the drug traffickers' attack on das?    (maza) no, i am not saying that it is a reaction.  this is the result of very professional work on the part of the national police. that is what i told the president today.  i briefed him on the events which led to the action that has changed the situation which had prevailed in the country just a few hours ago.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(18, 38, ' gonzalo rodriguez gacha, his son freddy, and several of his body', 9.074084281921387), (18, 31, ' gonzalo rodriguez gacha, his son fred', 4.749824047088623), (18, 40, ' gonzalo rodriguez gacha, his son freddy, and several of his bodyguards were', 3.775083303451538)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>in view of the successful operation today in which gonzalo rodriguez gacha, his son freddy, and several of his bodyguards were killed, president virgilio barco today called an urgent council of ministers meeting to discuss the situation and receive a full report from military and police authorities.  here is the second part of the news conference featuring das director general miguel maza marquez.    (begin recording) (maza) the das has evidence showing that this individual masterminded two attacks including the the most recent and worst one in which more than 60 innocent people were killed.    (reporter) how do you know that gonzalo rodriguez gacha masterminded the recent attack on das?    (maza) because the investigations that we have conducted along with the national police ever since the attack occurred point in that direction.  if we compare the modus operandi of rodriguez and his people, we come to the conclusion that the period between the (word indistinct) and the action itself are very similar.  furthermore, this man was in there celebrating the genocide that he had committed in bogota.    (reporter) (question indistinct)    (maza) because the intelligence reports indicate this, and according to certain statements we have, he was overjoyed by the damage that he had caused in the city given the large number of people who were killed; seeing him sunbathing and swimming on the atlantic coast led us to believe this.    (reporter) is this a police reaction to the drug traffickers' attack on das?    (maza) no, i am not saying that it is a reaction.  this is the result of very professional work on the part of the national police. that is what i told the president today.  i briefed him on the events which led to the action that has changed the situation which had prevailed in the country just a few hours ago.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(385, 386, ' national', 5.813991546630859), (385, 387, ' national police', 2.063462257385254), (181, 182, ' national', 2.984053611755371)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>foreign minister hernan felipe errazuriz has reported that the chileans involved in the abduction of brazilian businessman abilio diniz will be prosecuted in brazil because the kidnapping was planned and performed outside of chile.  he noted that, in line with its policy in such matters, the chilean foreign ministry has not been involved in the release of the businessman.    diniz was released after being held for 6 days by five chileans, two canadians, two argentines, and one brazilian.  the police have reported that the chileans claimed to belong to the extremist mir (movement of the revolutionary left) group, but this assertion has not yet been confirmed.    errazuriz said that the foreign ministry has been in permanent contact with chilean ambassador to brazil raul schmidt in keeping track of the case.  the minister also pointed out that he has been in direct contact with international security services, including interpol, to determine the identities of the presumed chileans.</s>', 'start_gold': 437, 'end_gold': 452, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(24, 26, ' chile', 6.006312847137451), (24, 27, ' chileans', 1.6875594854354858), (24, 30, ' chileans involved in the', 0.6155385971069336)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>foreign minister hernan felipe errazuriz has reported that the chileans involved in the abduction of brazilian businessman abilio diniz will be prosecuted in brazil because the kidnapping was planned and performed outside of chile.  he noted that, in line with its policy in such matters, the chilean foreign ministry has not been involved in the release of the businessman.    diniz was released after being held for 6 days by five chileans, two canadians, two argentines, and one brazilian.  the police have reported that the chileans claimed to belong to the extremist mir (movement of the revolutionary left) group, but this assertion has not yet been confirmed.    errazuriz said that the foreign ministry has been in permanent contact with chilean ambassador to brazil raul schmidt in keeping track of the case.  the minister also pointed out that he has been in direct contact with international security services, including interpol, to determine the identities of the presumed chileans.</s>', 'start_gold': 581, 'end_gold': 593, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(24, 26, ' chile', 6.029847145080566), (24, 30, ' chileans involved in the', 1.8665424585342407), (24, 27, ' chileans', 1.3827941417694092)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>foreign minister hernan felipe errazuriz has reported that the chileans involved in the abduction of brazilian businessman abilio diniz will be prosecuted in brazil because the kidnapping was planned and performed outside of chile.  he noted that, in line with its policy in such matters, the chilean foreign ministry has not been involved in the release of the businessman.    diniz was released after being held for 6 days by five chileans, two canadians, two argentines, and one brazilian.  the police have reported that the chileans claimed to belong to the extremist mir (movement of the revolutionary left) group, but this assertion has not yet been confirmed.    errazuriz said that the foreign ministry has been in permanent contact with chilean ambassador to brazil raul schmidt in keeping track of the case.  the minister also pointed out that he has been in direct contact with international security services, including interpol, to determine the identities of the presumed chileans.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(23, 25, ' chile', 4.112060070037842), (23, 45, ' chileans involved in the abduction of brazilian businessman abilio diniz will be prosecuted in b', 0.646134614944458), (23, 39, ' chileans involved in the abduction of brazilian businessman abilio din', 0.585442304611206)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>foreign minister hernan felipe errazuriz has reported that the chileans involved in the abduction of brazilian businessman abilio diniz will be prosecuted in brazil because the kidnapping was planned and performed outside of chile.  he noted that, in line with its policy in such matters, the chilean foreign ministry has not been involved in the release of the businessman.    diniz was released after being held for 6 days by five chileans, two canadians, two argentines, and one brazilian.  the police have reported that the chileans claimed to belong to the extremist mir (movement of the revolutionary left) group, but this assertion has not yet been confirmed.    errazuriz said that the foreign ministry has been in permanent contact with chilean ambassador to brazil raul schmidt in keeping track of the case.  the minister also pointed out that he has been in direct contact with international security services, including interpol, to determine the identities of the presumed chileans.</s>', 'start_gold': 131, 'end_gold': 145, 'gold': ' chileans claimed to belong to the extremist mir (movement of', 'candidates': [(23, 25, ' chile', 1.2273921966552734), (23, 39, ' chileans involved in the abduction of brazilian businessman abilio din', 0.49489426612854004), (23, 34, ' chileans involved in the abduction of brazilian', -1.4862868785858154)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>foreign minister hernan felipe errazuriz has reported that the chileans involved in the abduction of brazilian businessman abilio diniz will be prosecuted in brazil because the kidnapping was planned and performed outside of chile.  he noted that, in line with its policy in such matters, the chilean foreign ministry has not been involved in the release of the businessman.    diniz was released after being held for 6 days by five chileans, two canadians, two argentines, and one brazilian.  the police have reported that the chileans claimed to belong to the extremist mir (movement of the revolutionary left) group, but this assertion has not yet been confirmed.    errazuriz said that the foreign ministry has been in permanent contact with chilean ambassador to brazil raul schmidt in keeping track of the case.  the minister also pointed out that he has been in direct contact with international security services, including interpol, to determine the identities of the presumed chileans.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(113, 122, ' two argentines, and one brazil', 6.647124290466309), (113, 116, ' two argent', 5.49953556060791), (113, 123, ' two argentines, and one brazilian', 5.11203670501709)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>according to a communique given to afp, the international rebel organization, the america battalion, will "continue its continental struggle for liberty, justice, and latin american dignity."  in addition to the communique, photographs of rebels in mountain areas were also given to afp.    signed by the american battalion\'s general command, the communique -- written on a sheet without the organization\'s letterhead -- states that they back the decisions made by the 19 april movement (m-19) of colombia and alvaro lives, dammit! of ecuador to sign peace and democracy agreements with their respective governments.    these two organizations, together with the tupac amaru movement of peru, founded the american battalion in colombia 5 years ago.  the battalion suffered heavy casualties in colombia and it was believed to have disappeared.  today\'s communique, however, announced the existence of other organizations forming the american battalion.    they request that the m-19 give them the sword of liberator simon bolivar and recalled their organization\'s principles and camilo torres\' words to the liberator: "general, as long as your sword lives, the fatherland is not dead."    the rebels also state that they back sincere latin american efforts to attain peace for the region and "find political solutions with the lowest social cost and loss of blood for our people."    the international organization told the andean presidents meeting at the galapagos islands that "today that they have the power," they should "exert it in favor of the people, in favor of a true democracy."  however, they criticized "the murders in streets of caracas," the murders in the jails of peru," and "the torture in the jails of ecuador."    with regard to the andean leaders, the rebels noted that "either they are with latin america or they are with the northern tyrants," referring to the united states.    the movement states that they have gathered on repression and states that 4,000 union members have been illegally arrested and that 200,000 have "disappeared."    "the salvadoran people are not alone," adds the communique and states that at the request of the people or the farabundo marti national liberation front, we are "willing to move our men and declare war on the facists\' foreign economic interests," including "president (alfredo) cristiani\'s diplomatic representatives" in the region.    concluding, the communique states: "if latin americans have to go with bolivar\'s sword to san salvador and central america, we will do so."    the document is signed by the commanders of the victors\' pace regiment (regimiento a paso de vencedores), san martin southern front (frente sur san martin), b-5-r nobody surrenders here (b-5-r aqui nadie se rinde), and e.r.p. (revolutionary peoples army) brigades.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(515, 520, " facists' foreign economic", 7.6483612060546875), (515, 521, " facists' foreign economic interests", 5.989968299865723), (515, 516, ' fac', 5.911593437194824)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>according to a communique given to afp, the international rebel organization, the america battalion, will "continue its continental struggle for liberty, justice, and latin american dignity."  in addition to the communique, photographs of rebels in mountain areas were also given to afp.    signed by the american battalion\'s general command, the communique -- written on a sheet without the organization\'s letterhead -- states that they back the decisions made by the 19 april movement (m-19) of colombia and alvaro lives, dammit! of ecuador to sign peace and democracy agreements with their respective governments.    these two organizations, together with the tupac amaru movement of peru, founded the american battalion in colombia 5 years ago.  the battalion suffered heavy casualties in colombia and it was believed to have disappeared.  today\'s communique, however, announced the existence of other organizations forming the american battalion.    they request that the m-19 give them the sword of liberator simon bolivar and recalled their organization\'s principles and camilo torres\' words to the liberator: "general, as long as your sword lives, the fatherland is not dead."    the rebels also state that they back sincere latin american efforts to attain peace for the region and "find political solutions with the lowest social cost and loss of blood for our people."    the international organization told the andean presidents meeting at the galapagos islands that "today that they have the power," they should "exert it in favor of the people, in favor of a true democracy."  however, they criticized "the murders in streets of caracas," the murders in the jails of peru," and "the torture in the jails of ecuador."    with regard to the andean leaders, the rebels noted that "either they are with latin america or they are with the northern tyrants," referring to the united states.    the movement states that they have gathered on repression and states that 4,000 union members have been illegally arrested and that 200,000 have "disappeared."    "the salvadoran people are not alone," adds the communique and states that at the request of the people or the farabundo marti national liberation front, we are "willing to move our men and declare war on the facists\' foreign economic interests," including "president (alfredo) cristiani\'s diplomatic representatives" in the region.    concluding, the communique states: "if latin americans have to go with bolivar\'s sword to san salvador and central america, we will do so."    the document is signed by the commanders of the victors\' pace regiment (regimiento a paso de vencedores), san martin southern front (frente sur san martin), b-5-r nobody surrenders here (b-5-r aqui nadie se rinde), and e.r.p. (revolutionary peoples army) brigades.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(515, 520, " facists' foreign economic", 5.695987701416016), (515, 516, ' fac', 4.450969219207764), (515, 521, " facists' foreign economic interests", 4.081791877746582)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>according to a communique given to afp, the international rebel organization, the america battalion, will "continue its continental struggle for liberty, justice, and latin american dignity."  in addition to the communique, photographs of rebels in mountain areas were also given to afp.    signed by the american battalion\'s general command, the communique -- written on a sheet without the organization\'s letterhead -- states that they back the decisions made by the 19 april movement (m-19) of colombia and alvaro lives, dammit! of ecuador to sign peace and democracy agreements with their respective governments.    these two organizations, together with the tupac amaru movement of peru, founded the american battalion in colombia 5 years ago.  the battalion suffered heavy casualties in colombia and it was believed to have disappeared.  today\'s communique, however, announced the existence of other organizations forming the american battalion.    they request that the m-19 give them the sword of liberator simon bolivar and recalled their organization\'s principles and camilo torres\' words to the liberator: "general, as long as your sword lives, the fatherland is not dead."    the rebels also state that they back sincere latin american efforts to attain peace for the region and "find political solutions with the lowest social cost and loss of blood for our people."    the international organization told the andean presidents meeting at the galapagos islands that "today that they have the power," they should "exert it in favor of the people, in favor of a true democracy."  however, they criticized "the murders in streets of caracas," the murders in the jails of peru," and "the torture in the jails of ecuador."    with regard to the andean leaders, the rebels noted that "either they are with latin america or they are with the northern tyrants," referring to the united states.    the movement states that they have gathered on repression and states that 4,000 union members have been illegally arrested and that 200,000 have "disappeared."    "the salvadoran people are not alone," adds the communique and states that at the request of the people or the farabundo marti national liberation front, we are "willing to move our men and declare war on the facists\' foreign economic interests," including "president (alfredo) cristiani\'s diplomatic representatives" in the region.    concluding, the communique states: "if latin americans have to go with bolivar\'s sword to san salvador and central america, we will do so."    the document is signed by the commanders of the victors\' pace regiment (regimiento a paso de vencedores), san martin southern front (frente sur san martin), b-5-r nobody surrenders here (b-5-r aqui nadie se rinde), and e.r.p. (revolutionary peoples army) brigades.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(517, 519, ' foreign economic', 7.798262596130371), (517, 533, ' foreign economic interests," including "president (alfredo) cristiani\'s diplomatic', 5.907190799713135), (517, 537, ' foreign economic interests," including "president (alfredo) cristiani\'s diplomatic representatives" in the', 5.846907138824463)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>according to a communique given to afp, the international rebel organization, the america battalion, will "continue its continental struggle for liberty, justice, and latin american dignity."  in addition to the communique, photographs of rebels in mountain areas were also given to afp.    signed by the american battalion\'s general command, the communique -- written on a sheet without the organization\'s letterhead -- states that they back the decisions made by the 19 april movement (m-19) of colombia and alvaro lives, dammit! of ecuador to sign peace and democracy agreements with their respective governments.    these two organizations, together with the tupac amaru movement of peru, founded the american battalion in colombia 5 years ago.  the battalion suffered heavy casualties in colombia and it was believed to have disappeared.  today\'s communique, however, announced the existence of other organizations forming the american battalion.    they request that the m-19 give them the sword of liberator simon bolivar and recalled their organization\'s principles and camilo torres\' words to the liberator: "general, as long as your sword lives, the fatherland is not dead."    the rebels also state that they back sincere latin american efforts to attain peace for the region and "find political solutions with the lowest social cost and loss of blood for our people."    the international organization told the andean presidents meeting at the galapagos islands that "today that they have the power," they should "exert it in favor of the people, in favor of a true democracy."  however, they criticized "the murders in streets of caracas," the murders in the jails of peru," and "the torture in the jails of ecuador."    with regard to the andean leaders, the rebels noted that "either they are with latin america or they are with the northern tyrants," referring to the united states.    the movement states that they have gathered on repression and states that 4,000 union members have been illegally arrested and that 200,000 have "disappeared."    "the salvadoran people are not alone," adds the communique and states that at the request of the people or the farabundo marti national liberation front, we are "willing to move our men and declare war on the facists\' foreign economic interests," including "president (alfredo) cristiani\'s diplomatic representatives" in the region.    concluding, the communique states: "if latin americans have to go with bolivar\'s sword to san salvador and central america, we will do so."    the document is signed by the commanders of the victors\' pace regiment (regimiento a paso de vencedores), san martin southern front (frente sur san martin), b-5-r nobody surrenders here (b-5-r aqui nadie se rinde), and e.r.p. (revolutionary peoples army) brigades.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(513, 519, " the facists' foreign economic", 3.6596412658691406), (513, 520, " the facists' foreign economic interests", 2.2241721153259277), (513, 515, ' the fac', 0.919356107711792)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>according to a communique given to afp, the international rebel organization, the america battalion, will "continue its continental struggle for liberty, justice, and latin american dignity."  in addition to the communique, photographs of rebels in mountain areas were also given to afp.    signed by the american battalion\'s general command, the communique -- written on a sheet without the organization\'s letterhead -- states that they back the decisions made by the 19 april movement (m-19) of colombia and alvaro lives, dammit! of ecuador to sign peace and democracy agreements with their respective governments.    these two organizations, together with the tupac amaru movement of peru, founded the american battalion in colombia 5 years ago.  the battalion suffered heavy casualties in colombia and it was believed to have disappeared.  today\'s communique, however, announced the existence of other organizations forming the american battalion.    they request that the m-19 give them the sword of liberator simon bolivar and recalled their organization\'s principles and camilo torres\' words to the liberator: "general, as long as your sword lives, the fatherland is not dead."    the rebels also state that they back sincere latin american efforts to attain peace for the region and "find political solutions with the lowest social cost and loss of blood for our people."    the international organization told the andean presidents meeting at the galapagos islands that "today that they have the power," they should "exert it in favor of the people, in favor of a true democracy."  however, they criticized "the murders in streets of caracas," the murders in the jails of peru," and "the torture in the jails of ecuador."    with regard to the andean leaders, the rebels noted that "either they are with latin america or they are with the northern tyrants," referring to the united states.    the movement states that they have gathered on repression and states that 4,000 union members have been illegally arrested and that 200,000 have "disappeared."    "the salvadoran people are not alone," adds the communique and states that at the request of the people or the farabundo marti national liberation front, we are "willing to move our men and declare war on the facists\' foreign economic interests," including "president (alfredo) cristiani\'s diplomatic representatives" in the region.    concluding, the communique states: "if latin americans have to go with bolivar\'s sword to san salvador and central america, we will do so."    the document is signed by the commanders of the victors\' pace regiment (regimiento a paso de vencedores), san martin southern front (frente sur san martin), b-5-r nobody surrenders here (b-5-r aqui nadie se rinde), and e.r.p. (revolutionary peoples army) brigades.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(514, 519, " facists' foreign economic", 7.1246490478515625), (514, 515, ' fac', 6.367470741271973), (514, 520, " facists' foreign economic interests", 5.597350120544434)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>official sources today reported that at least eight people, including soldiers, rebels, and civilians, were killed during clashes between the army and guerrillas over the past weekend in various points of the country.    military spokesmen for the 6th infantry brigade, headquartered in the eastern usulutan department, told acan-efe that two rebels were killed and one wounded during a clash with government troops in san agustin.    meanwhile, the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that the bodies of two guerrillas, who were presumably killed during clashes with the army, were found by soldiers in the outskirts of santa tecla, in the central la libertad department.    coprefa reported that two soldiers were killed during a clash with members of the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) in comasagua, about 28 km to the southwest of (san) salvador, where a rebel attack on a coffee processing plant was successfully repelled.    it reported that a civilian was killed in the crossfire and that a soldier was also killed during clashes in zaragoza, south of san salvador, where two guerrillas were wounded.    the military report stated that 10 rebels were wounded in tecoluca, san vicente department, about 60 km east of the capital, during an armed clash between insurgents and the 5th (infantry) brigade, headquartered in that department.    three other soldiers were wounded during an fmln ambush in guazapa, north of (san) salvador, one of the guerrillas' main bastions.    the salvadoran (air) force this morning bombed rebel positions in the outskirts of jucuapa, usulutan department, but no results are yet available, area residents told acan-efe.    the fmln this morning harrassed (army positions stationed near) ayutuxtepeque, north of (san) salvador, without inflicting any casualties.    coprefa also reported that the (armed) forces seized from the guerrillas 500 electric catapults, in the northern (chalatenango) department, which the fmln had used since last year to attack (san) salvador garrisons.    salvadoran (red) cross sources today reported that a 48-year-old woman identified as maria luz lopez was wounded last night when a powerful bomb, which damaged several businesses in (san) salvador, exploded.    the bomb was planted in a heavily commercial area of downtown (san) salvador causing heavy property loses, according to the owners who provided no specific figures.    this is the fourth dynamite attack on businesses in (san) salvador so far in 1990.    the guerrillas intensified their acts of sabotage against the economy, especially against the entire electrical power system, on 2 january when an unilateral military truce they decreed over the christmas and new year holidays had expired.</s>", 'start_gold': 79, 'end_gold': 92, 'gold': ' rebels were killed and one wounded during a clash with government troops in', 'candidates': [(515, 520, ' maria luz l', 11.40473461151123), (515, 522, ' maria luz lopez was', 5.774472236633301), (515, 518, ' maria l', 5.526707649230957)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>official sources today reported that at least eight people, including soldiers, rebels, and civilians, were killed during clashes between the army and guerrillas over the past weekend in various points of the country.    military spokesmen for the 6th infantry brigade, headquartered in the eastern usulutan department, told acan-efe that two rebels were killed and one wounded during a clash with government troops in san agustin.    meanwhile, the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that the bodies of two guerrillas, who were presumably killed during clashes with the army, were found by soldiers in the outskirts of santa tecla, in the central la libertad department.    coprefa reported that two soldiers were killed during a clash with members of the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) in comasagua, about 28 km to the southwest of (san) salvador, where a rebel attack on a coffee processing plant was successfully repelled.    it reported that a civilian was killed in the crossfire and that a soldier was also killed during clashes in zaragoza, south of san salvador, where two guerrillas were wounded.    the military report stated that 10 rebels were wounded in tecoluca, san vicente department, about 60 km east of the capital, during an armed clash between insurgents and the 5th (infantry) brigade, headquartered in that department.    three other soldiers were wounded during an fmln ambush in guazapa, north of (san) salvador, one of the guerrillas' main bastions.    the salvadoran (air) force this morning bombed rebel positions in the outskirts of jucuapa, usulutan department, but no results are yet available, area residents told acan-efe.    the fmln this morning harrassed (army positions stationed near) ayutuxtepeque, north of (san) salvador, without inflicting any casualties.    coprefa also reported that the (armed) forces seized from the guerrillas 500 electric catapults, in the northern (chalatenango) department, which the fmln had used since last year to attack (san) salvador garrisons.    salvadoran (red) cross sources today reported that a 48-year-old woman identified as maria luz lopez was wounded last night when a powerful bomb, which damaged several businesses in (san) salvador, exploded.    the bomb was planted in a heavily commercial area of downtown (san) salvador causing heavy property loses, according to the owners who provided no specific figures.    this is the fourth dynamite attack on businesses in (san) salvador so far in 1990.    the guerrillas intensified their acts of sabotage against the economy, especially against the entire electrical power system, on 2 january when an unilateral military truce they decreed over the christmas and new year holidays had expired.</s>", 'start_gold': 459, 'end_gold': 472, 'gold': 'ults, in the northern (chalatenango) department, which', 'candidates': [(515, 520, ' maria luz l', 12.645682334899902), (515, 518, ' maria l', 6.486301898956299), (515, 522, ' maria luz lopez was', 6.070143222808838)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>official sources today reported that at least eight people, including soldiers, rebels, and civilians, were killed during clashes between the army and guerrillas over the past weekend in various points of the country.    military spokesmen for the 6th infantry brigade, headquartered in the eastern usulutan department, told acan-efe that two rebels were killed and one wounded during a clash with government troops in san agustin.    meanwhile, the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that the bodies of two guerrillas, who were presumably killed during clashes with the army, were found by soldiers in the outskirts of santa tecla, in the central la libertad department.    coprefa reported that two soldiers were killed during a clash with members of the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) in comasagua, about 28 km to the southwest of (san) salvador, where a rebel attack on a coffee processing plant was successfully repelled.    it reported that a civilian was killed in the crossfire and that a soldier was also killed during clashes in zaragoza, south of san salvador, where two guerrillas were wounded.    the military report stated that 10 rebels were wounded in tecoluca, san vicente department, about 60 km east of the capital, during an armed clash between insurgents and the 5th (infantry) brigade, headquartered in that department.    three other soldiers were wounded during an fmln ambush in guazapa, north of (san) salvador, one of the guerrillas' main bastions.    the salvadoran (air) force this morning bombed rebel positions in the outskirts of jucuapa, usulutan department, but no results are yet available, area residents told acan-efe.    the fmln this morning harrassed (army positions stationed near) ayutuxtepeque, north of (san) salvador, without inflicting any casualties.    coprefa also reported that the (armed) forces seized from the guerrillas 500 electric catapults, in the northern (chalatenango) department, which the fmln had used since last year to attack (san) salvador garrisons.    salvadoran (red) cross sources today reported that a 48-year-old woman identified as maria luz lopez was wounded last night when a powerful bomb, which damaged several businesses in (san) salvador, exploded.    the bomb was planted in a heavily commercial area of downtown (san) salvador causing heavy property loses, according to the owners who provided no specific figures.    this is the fourth dynamite attack on businesses in (san) salvador so far in 1990.    the guerrillas intensified their acts of sabotage against the economy, especially against the entire electrical power system, on 2 january when an unilateral military truce they decreed over the christmas and new year holidays had expired.</s>", 'start_gold': 915, 'end_gold': 929, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(20, 25, ' soldiers, rebels, and', 1.4346967935562134), (20, 22, ' soldiers,', -1.036149501800537), (20, 37, ' soldiers, rebels, and civilians, were killed during clashes between the army and guerr', -1.9681005477905273)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>official sources today reported that at least eight people, including soldiers, rebels, and civilians, were killed during clashes between the army and guerrillas over the past weekend in various points of the country.    military spokesmen for the 6th infantry brigade, headquartered in the eastern usulutan department, told acan-efe that two rebels were killed and one wounded during a clash with government troops in san agustin.    meanwhile, the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that the bodies of two guerrillas, who were presumably killed during clashes with the army, were found by soldiers in the outskirts of santa tecla, in the central la libertad department.    coprefa reported that two soldiers were killed during a clash with members of the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) in comasagua, about 28 km to the southwest of (san) salvador, where a rebel attack on a coffee processing plant was successfully repelled.    it reported that a civilian was killed in the crossfire and that a soldier was also killed during clashes in zaragoza, south of san salvador, where two guerrillas were wounded.    the military report stated that 10 rebels were wounded in tecoluca, san vicente department, about 60 km east of the capital, during an armed clash between insurgents and the 5th (infantry) brigade, headquartered in that department.    three other soldiers were wounded during an fmln ambush in guazapa, north of (san) salvador, one of the guerrillas' main bastions.    the salvadoran (air) force this morning bombed rebel positions in the outskirts of jucuapa, usulutan department, but no results are yet available, area residents told acan-efe.    the fmln this morning harrassed (army positions stationed near) ayutuxtepeque, north of (san) salvador, without inflicting any casualties.    coprefa also reported that the (armed) forces seized from the guerrillas 500 electric catapults, in the northern (chalatenango) department, which the fmln had used since last year to attack (san) salvador garrisons.    salvadoran (red) cross sources today reported that a 48-year-old woman identified as maria luz lopez was wounded last night when a powerful bomb, which damaged several businesses in (san) salvador, exploded.    the bomb was planted in a heavily commercial area of downtown (san) salvador causing heavy property loses, according to the owners who provided no specific figures.    this is the fourth dynamite attack on businesses in (san) salvador so far in 1990.    the guerrillas intensified their acts of sabotage against the economy, especially against the entire electrical power system, on 2 january when an unilateral military truce they decreed over the christmas and new year holidays had expired.</s>", 'start_gold': 2144, 'end_gold': 2160, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(20, 25, ' soldiers, rebels, and', 12.850271224975586), (20, 37, ' soldiers, rebels, and civilians, were killed during clashes between the army and guerr', 8.265722274780273), (20, 22, ' soldiers,', 8.153274536132812)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>official sources today reported that at least eight people, including soldiers, rebels, and civilians, were killed during clashes between the army and guerrillas over the past weekend in various points of the country.    military spokesmen for the 6th infantry brigade, headquartered in the eastern usulutan department, told acan-efe that two rebels were killed and one wounded during a clash with government troops in san agustin.    meanwhile, the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that the bodies of two guerrillas, who were presumably killed during clashes with the army, were found by soldiers in the outskirts of santa tecla, in the central la libertad department.    coprefa reported that two soldiers were killed during a clash with members of the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) in comasagua, about 28 km to the southwest of (san) salvador, where a rebel attack on a coffee processing plant was successfully repelled.    it reported that a civilian was killed in the crossfire and that a soldier was also killed during clashes in zaragoza, south of san salvador, where two guerrillas were wounded.    the military report stated that 10 rebels were wounded in tecoluca, san vicente department, about 60 km east of the capital, during an armed clash between insurgents and the 5th (infantry) brigade, headquartered in that department.    three other soldiers were wounded during an fmln ambush in guazapa, north of (san) salvador, one of the guerrillas' main bastions.    the salvadoran (air) force this morning bombed rebel positions in the outskirts of jucuapa, usulutan department, but no results are yet available, area residents told acan-efe.    the fmln this morning harrassed (army positions stationed near) ayutuxtepeque, north of (san) salvador, without inflicting any casualties.    coprefa also reported that the (armed) forces seized from the guerrillas 500 electric catapults, in the northern (chalatenango) department, which the fmln had used since last year to attack (san) salvador garrisons.    salvadoran (red) cross sources today reported that a 48-year-old woman identified as maria luz lopez was wounded last night when a powerful bomb, which damaged several businesses in (san) salvador, exploded.    the bomb was planted in a heavily commercial area of downtown (san) salvador causing heavy property loses, according to the owners who provided no specific figures.    this is the fourth dynamite attack on businesses in (san) salvador so far in 1990.    the guerrillas intensified their acts of sabotage against the economy, especially against the entire electrical power system, on 2 january when an unilateral military truce they decreed over the christmas and new year holidays had expired.</s>", 'start_gold': 1558, 'end_gold': 1569, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(455, 458, ' electric catap', 4.417972564697266), (455, 468, ' electric catapults, in the northern (chalatenango)', -0.387164831161499), (455, 459, ' electric catapults', -0.7989461421966553)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>good evening.  i have called this news conference to read a foreign ministry communique: (words indistinct) today the panamanian government told luis sandiga cabrera, our charge d'affaires in panama, that he must leave panama in 72 hours.    2.  we have expressed to the panamanian government, through the panamanian charge d'affaires in lima, our surprise and strong protest over that decision.    3.  in view of this decision, the peruvian government has decided to reduce the personnel of its diplomatic mission in panama and to maintain its relations with that country at the first secretary level. peru will in this way continue to fulfill the humanitarian mission of protecting those who have sought asylum in its embassy in panama while the panamanian government issues the safe-conducts that we requested in accordance to the convention on diplomatic asylum signed in caracas on 28 march 1954.    peru is contacting the members of the permanent mechanism for consultation and political agreement (group of eight) to explain the situation and to ask for solidarity and cooperation in overcoming this momentary crisis.    the delicate situation regarding the people at the peruvian embassy has provoked our justified alarm and impelled us to begin talks to ensure that their diplomatic asylum will be respected.  we have talked with the ambassadors from the countries of the permanent mechanism for consultation and political agreement.  i have personally spoken with the ambassadors of venezuela, mexico, and colombia.    i am now ready to answer any questions:    (reporter) mr larco cox, unofficial sources have said that the people in the peruvian embassy in panama are not exactly political refugees but common criminals.  what do you say about this?    (larco cox) the country that grants asylum determines this.  we have been very careful to review each one of them and their files.  we have checked to see if any of them were facing any trials in panama or the united states.  our investigation has revealed that none of them are facing any trials.  the charges were made afterward.  we see this as a result of the emotional climate presently existing in panama.    (reporter) what is your personal opinion of the incident?    (larco cox) it is the diplomatic way to express a protest over what they have been led to believe.  according to panamanian reports, charge d'affaires luis sandiga has made statements on the situation that did not please the government.  the truth is that sandiga has not made any declarations.  however, former ambassador castro arenas is in panama and he has embarked on a campaign in which he is seeking retaliation against the peruvian government.  he could not think of anything better than to point at sandiga as the person responsible for alleged statements.  sandiga has not said a word about the situation because that is not his job.  besides, his car and the car belonging to one of the embassy's military attaches have been stolen; there is no way to begin an investigation.    (reporter) are you saying that former ambassador castro arenas is directly responsible for the situation?    (larco cox) you can make your own conclusions.    (reporter) if the situation deteriorates, will peru recall all of its personnel from panama?    (larco cox) we cannot go to that extreme because we are fulfilling a humanitarian cause, as we said in the communique.  our first responsibility at this time is to see that the right of asylum is respected.  as long as the refugees remain in the embassy, we will maintain our representation at the level of first secretary. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(373, 374, ' common', 8.013577461242676), (373, 375, ' common criminals', 2.1995439529418945), (373, 400, ' common criminals.  what do you say about this?    (larco cox) the country that grants asylum determines this', 2.1800713539123535)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>good evening.  i have called this news conference to read a foreign ministry communique: (words indistinct) today the panamanian government told luis sandiga cabrera, our charge d'affaires in panama, that he must leave panama in 72 hours.    2.  we have expressed to the panamanian government, through the panamanian charge d'affaires in lima, our surprise and strong protest over that decision.    3.  in view of this decision, the peruvian government has decided to reduce the personnel of its diplomatic mission in panama and to maintain its relations with that country at the first secretary level. peru will in this way continue to fulfill the humanitarian mission of protecting those who have sought asylum in its embassy in panama while the panamanian government issues the safe-conducts that we requested in accordance to the convention on diplomatic asylum signed in caracas on 28 march 1954.    peru is contacting the members of the permanent mechanism for consultation and political agreement (group of eight) to explain the situation and to ask for solidarity and cooperation in overcoming this momentary crisis.    the delicate situation regarding the people at the peruvian embassy has provoked our justified alarm and impelled us to begin talks to ensure that their diplomatic asylum will be respected.  we have talked with the ambassadors from the countries of the permanent mechanism for consultation and political agreement.  i have personally spoken with the ambassadors of venezuela, mexico, and colombia.    i am now ready to answer any questions:    (reporter) mr larco cox, unofficial sources have said that the people in the peruvian embassy in panama are not exactly political refugees but common criminals.  what do you say about this?    (larco cox) the country that grants asylum determines this.  we have been very careful to review each one of them and their files.  we have checked to see if any of them were facing any trials in panama or the united states.  our investigation has revealed that none of them are facing any trials.  the charges were made afterward.  we see this as a result of the emotional climate presently existing in panama.    (reporter) what is your personal opinion of the incident?    (larco cox) it is the diplomatic way to express a protest over what they have been led to believe.  according to panamanian reports, charge d'affaires luis sandiga has made statements on the situation that did not please the government.  the truth is that sandiga has not made any declarations.  however, former ambassador castro arenas is in panama and he has embarked on a campaign in which he is seeking retaliation against the peruvian government.  he could not think of anything better than to point at sandiga as the person responsible for alleged statements.  sandiga has not said a word about the situation because that is not his job.  besides, his car and the car belonging to one of the embassy's military attaches have been stolen; there is no way to begin an investigation.    (reporter) are you saying that former ambassador castro arenas is directly responsible for the situation?    (larco cox) you can make your own conclusions.    (reporter) if the situation deteriorates, will peru recall all of its personnel from panama?    (larco cox) we cannot go to that extreme because we are fulfilling a humanitarian cause, as we said in the communique.  our first responsibility at this time is to see that the right of asylum is respected.  as long as the refugees remain in the embassy, we will maintain our representation at the level of first secretary. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(373, 374, ' common', 6.383813858032227), (373, 375, ' common criminals', 0.9516415596008301), (373, 400, ' common criminals.  what do you say about this?    (larco cox) the country that grants asylum determines this', 0.9336214065551758)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>good evening.  i have called this news conference to read a foreign ministry communique: (words indistinct) today the panamanian government told luis sandiga cabrera, our charge d'affaires in panama, that he must leave panama in 72 hours.    2.  we have expressed to the panamanian government, through the panamanian charge d'affaires in lima, our surprise and strong protest over that decision.    3.  in view of this decision, the peruvian government has decided to reduce the personnel of its diplomatic mission in panama and to maintain its relations with that country at the first secretary level. peru will in this way continue to fulfill the humanitarian mission of protecting those who have sought asylum in its embassy in panama while the panamanian government issues the safe-conducts that we requested in accordance to the convention on diplomatic asylum signed in caracas on 28 march 1954.    peru is contacting the members of the permanent mechanism for consultation and political agreement (group of eight) to explain the situation and to ask for solidarity and cooperation in overcoming this momentary crisis.    the delicate situation regarding the people at the peruvian embassy has provoked our justified alarm and impelled us to begin talks to ensure that their diplomatic asylum will be respected.  we have talked with the ambassadors from the countries of the permanent mechanism for consultation and political agreement.  i have personally spoken with the ambassadors of venezuela, mexico, and colombia.    i am now ready to answer any questions:    (reporter) mr larco cox, unofficial sources have said that the people in the peruvian embassy in panama are not exactly political refugees but common criminals.  what do you say about this?    (larco cox) the country that grants asylum determines this.  we have been very careful to review each one of them and their files.  we have checked to see if any of them were facing any trials in panama or the united states.  our investigation has revealed that none of them are facing any trials.  the charges were made afterward.  we see this as a result of the emotional climate presently existing in panama.    (reporter) what is your personal opinion of the incident?    (larco cox) it is the diplomatic way to express a protest over what they have been led to believe.  according to panamanian reports, charge d'affaires luis sandiga has made statements on the situation that did not please the government.  the truth is that sandiga has not made any declarations.  however, former ambassador castro arenas is in panama and he has embarked on a campaign in which he is seeking retaliation against the peruvian government.  he could not think of anything better than to point at sandiga as the person responsible for alleged statements.  sandiga has not said a word about the situation because that is not his job.  besides, his car and the car belonging to one of the embassy's military attaches have been stolen; there is no way to begin an investigation.    (reporter) are you saying that former ambassador castro arenas is directly responsible for the situation?    (larco cox) you can make your own conclusions.    (reporter) if the situation deteriorates, will peru recall all of its personnel from panama?    (larco cox) we cannot go to that extreme because we are fulfilling a humanitarian cause, as we said in the communique.  our first responsibility at this time is to see that the right of asylum is respected.  as long as the refugees remain in the embassy, we will maintain our representation at the level of first secretary. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 884, 'end_gold': 895, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(356, 373, ' the people in the peruvian embassy in panama are not exactly political refugees but common', 1.3121745586395264), (356, 370, ' the people in the peruvian embassy in panama are not exactly political', -2.1846938133239746), (372, 373, ' common', 1.2001415491104126)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>good evening.  i have called this news conference to read a foreign ministry communique: (words indistinct) today the panamanian government told luis sandiga cabrera, our charge d'affaires in panama, that he must leave panama in 72 hours.    2.  we have expressed to the panamanian government, through the panamanian charge d'affaires in lima, our surprise and strong protest over that decision.    3.  in view of this decision, the peruvian government has decided to reduce the personnel of its diplomatic mission in panama and to maintain its relations with that country at the first secretary level. peru will in this way continue to fulfill the humanitarian mission of protecting those who have sought asylum in its embassy in panama while the panamanian government issues the safe-conducts that we requested in accordance to the convention on diplomatic asylum signed in caracas on 28 march 1954.    peru is contacting the members of the permanent mechanism for consultation and political agreement (group of eight) to explain the situation and to ask for solidarity and cooperation in overcoming this momentary crisis.    the delicate situation regarding the people at the peruvian embassy has provoked our justified alarm and impelled us to begin talks to ensure that their diplomatic asylum will be respected.  we have talked with the ambassadors from the countries of the permanent mechanism for consultation and political agreement.  i have personally spoken with the ambassadors of venezuela, mexico, and colombia.    i am now ready to answer any questions:    (reporter) mr larco cox, unofficial sources have said that the people in the peruvian embassy in panama are not exactly political refugees but common criminals.  what do you say about this?    (larco cox) the country that grants asylum determines this.  we have been very careful to review each one of them and their files.  we have checked to see if any of them were facing any trials in panama or the united states.  our investigation has revealed that none of them are facing any trials.  the charges were made afterward.  we see this as a result of the emotional climate presently existing in panama.    (reporter) what is your personal opinion of the incident?    (larco cox) it is the diplomatic way to express a protest over what they have been led to believe.  according to panamanian reports, charge d'affaires luis sandiga has made statements on the situation that did not please the government.  the truth is that sandiga has not made any declarations.  however, former ambassador castro arenas is in panama and he has embarked on a campaign in which he is seeking retaliation against the peruvian government.  he could not think of anything better than to point at sandiga as the person responsible for alleged statements.  sandiga has not said a word about the situation because that is not his job.  besides, his car and the car belonging to one of the embassy's military attaches have been stolen; there is no way to begin an investigation.    (reporter) are you saying that former ambassador castro arenas is directly responsible for the situation?    (larco cox) you can make your own conclusions.    (reporter) if the situation deteriorates, will peru recall all of its personnel from panama?    (larco cox) we cannot go to that extreme because we are fulfilling a humanitarian cause, as we said in the communique.  our first responsibility at this time is to see that the right of asylum is respected.  as long as the refugees remain in the embassy, we will maintain our representation at the level of first secretary. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 153, 'end_gold': 169, 'gold': ' this way continue to fulfill the humanitarian mission of protecting those who have sought asylum in', 'candidates': [(372, 373, ' common', 3.720301628112793), (372, 399, ' common criminals.  what do you say about this?    (larco cox) the country that grants asylum determines this', -1.1629666090011597), (372, 374, ' common criminals', -1.1634725332260132)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>good evening.  i have called this news conference to read a foreign ministry communique: (words indistinct) today the panamanian government told luis sandiga cabrera, our charge d'affaires in panama, that he must leave panama in 72 hours.    2.  we have expressed to the panamanian government, through the panamanian charge d'affaires in lima, our surprise and strong protest over that decision.    3.  in view of this decision, the peruvian government has decided to reduce the personnel of its diplomatic mission in panama and to maintain its relations with that country at the first secretary level. peru will in this way continue to fulfill the humanitarian mission of protecting those who have sought asylum in its embassy in panama while the panamanian government issues the safe-conducts that we requested in accordance to the convention on diplomatic asylum signed in caracas on 28 march 1954.    peru is contacting the members of the permanent mechanism for consultation and political agreement (group of eight) to explain the situation and to ask for solidarity and cooperation in overcoming this momentary crisis.    the delicate situation regarding the people at the peruvian embassy has provoked our justified alarm and impelled us to begin talks to ensure that their diplomatic asylum will be respected.  we have talked with the ambassadors from the countries of the permanent mechanism for consultation and political agreement.  i have personally spoken with the ambassadors of venezuela, mexico, and colombia.    i am now ready to answer any questions:    (reporter) mr larco cox, unofficial sources have said that the people in the peruvian embassy in panama are not exactly political refugees but common criminals.  what do you say about this?    (larco cox) the country that grants asylum determines this.  we have been very careful to review each one of them and their files.  we have checked to see if any of them were facing any trials in panama or the united states.  our investigation has revealed that none of them are facing any trials.  the charges were made afterward.  we see this as a result of the emotional climate presently existing in panama.    (reporter) what is your personal opinion of the incident?    (larco cox) it is the diplomatic way to express a protest over what they have been led to believe.  according to panamanian reports, charge d'affaires luis sandiga has made statements on the situation that did not please the government.  the truth is that sandiga has not made any declarations.  however, former ambassador castro arenas is in panama and he has embarked on a campaign in which he is seeking retaliation against the peruvian government.  he could not think of anything better than to point at sandiga as the person responsible for alleged statements.  sandiga has not said a word about the situation because that is not his job.  besides, his car and the car belonging to one of the embassy's military attaches have been stolen; there is no way to begin an investigation.    (reporter) are you saying that former ambassador castro arenas is directly responsible for the situation?    (larco cox) you can make your own conclusions.    (reporter) if the situation deteriorates, will peru recall all of its personnel from panama?    (larco cox) we cannot go to that extreme because we are fulfilling a humanitarian cause, as we said in the communique.  our first responsibility at this time is to see that the right of asylum is respected.  as long as the refugees remain in the embassy, we will maintain our representation at the level of first secretary. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(356, 373, ' the people in the peruvian embassy in panama are not exactly political refugees but common', 2.569772481918335), (356, 370, ' the people in the peruvian embassy in panama are not exactly political', -0.48676908016204834), (655, 662, ' there is no way to begin an', -0.9187290668487549)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the colombian leftist alliance, patriotic union (up), was the first party to register a presidential candidate in the upcoming 27 may elections when it officially registered bernardo jaramillo ossa, 34, as its candidate today.    prior to jaramillo ossa\'s arrival at the national registry office, accompanied by 12 bodyguards, explosives experts from the secret police department checked the building and cordoned off the entrance he was going to use.    up was founded in 1985 and has lost almost 1,000 members and regional leaders in violent attacks.  it has also lost most of its representatives in bogota, including jaime pardo leal, the party founder and a previous presidential candidate who was murdered in 1987.    colombian communist party president gilberto vieira and the entire up directorate attended bernardo jaramillo\'s registration.    last week, the state council, colombia\'s highest legal and administrative body, had accredited bernardo jaramillo as up\'s presidential candidate.    before making his candidacy effective, bernardo jaramillo told efe that he would attempt to become "the will of a wide and democratic sector of the people and an alternative to traditional colombian bipartisanship."  he added: "our movement wants to transcend the limits of the up and obtain followers from other sectors of the democratic left who support new government alternatives."    he did not reject the possibility that up and the 19th april movement (m-19), a rebel movement that is making efforts to join the country\'s legal political system, will present joint electoral tickets in some regions in the country.    "there is nothing concrete on this," he added, "but it could be an alternative if they propose it."    up president diego montana stated that "our party\'s main objective in these elections is to break the liberal and social conservative hegemony."  these two sectors have shared power during colombia\'s entire republican period.    "we present our candidate to other political movements with the hope that his candidacy will be backed and that we can create a new and wider force with possibilities of attaining victory," he noted.    jaramillo\'s campaign slogan, "countrymen, give me your hand" appeared in posters throughout bogota today.    after registering, bernardo jaramillo attended the funeral of a fellow party member, vladimir escobar, a soacha municipal official who was shot between the eyes and killed this week.  the soacha municipality is close to bogota.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(521, 525, ' vladimir esc', 2.1732211112976074), (521, 531, ' vladimir escobar, a soacha municipal', 0.8889623880386353), (521, 541, ' vladimir escobar, a soacha municipal official who was shot between the eyes and killed this', -1.2829653024673462)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the colombian leftist alliance, patriotic union (up), was the first party to register a presidential candidate in the upcoming 27 may elections when it officially registered bernardo jaramillo ossa, 34, as its candidate today.    prior to jaramillo ossa\'s arrival at the national registry office, accompanied by 12 bodyguards, explosives experts from the secret police department checked the building and cordoned off the entrance he was going to use.    up was founded in 1985 and has lost almost 1,000 members and regional leaders in violent attacks.  it has also lost most of its representatives in bogota, including jaime pardo leal, the party founder and a previous presidential candidate who was murdered in 1987.    colombian communist party president gilberto vieira and the entire up directorate attended bernardo jaramillo\'s registration.    last week, the state council, colombia\'s highest legal and administrative body, had accredited bernardo jaramillo as up\'s presidential candidate.    before making his candidacy effective, bernardo jaramillo told efe that he would attempt to become "the will of a wide and democratic sector of the people and an alternative to traditional colombian bipartisanship."  he added: "our movement wants to transcend the limits of the up and obtain followers from other sectors of the democratic left who support new government alternatives."    he did not reject the possibility that up and the 19th april movement (m-19), a rebel movement that is making efforts to join the country\'s legal political system, will present joint electoral tickets in some regions in the country.    "there is nothing concrete on this," he added, "but it could be an alternative if they propose it."    up president diego montana stated that "our party\'s main objective in these elections is to break the liberal and social conservative hegemony."  these two sectors have shared power during colombia\'s entire republican period.    "we present our candidate to other political movements with the hope that his candidacy will be backed and that we can create a new and wider force with possibilities of attaining victory," he noted.    jaramillo\'s campaign slogan, "countrymen, give me your hand" appeared in posters throughout bogota today.    after registering, bernardo jaramillo attended the funeral of a fellow party member, vladimir escobar, a soacha municipal official who was shot between the eyes and killed this week.  the soacha municipality is close to bogota.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(521, 525, ' vladimir esc', 2.692758560180664), (521, 531, ' vladimir escobar, a soacha municipal', 0.3794362545013428), (521, 541, ' vladimir escobar, a soacha municipal official who was shot between the eyes and killed this', -0.9274356365203857)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the colombian leftist alliance, patriotic union (up), was the first party to register a presidential candidate in the upcoming 27 may elections when it officially registered bernardo jaramillo ossa, 34, as its candidate today.    prior to jaramillo ossa\'s arrival at the national registry office, accompanied by 12 bodyguards, explosives experts from the secret police department checked the building and cordoned off the entrance he was going to use.    up was founded in 1985 and has lost almost 1,000 members and regional leaders in violent attacks.  it has also lost most of its representatives in bogota, including jaime pardo leal, the party founder and a previous presidential candidate who was murdered in 1987.    colombian communist party president gilberto vieira and the entire up directorate attended bernardo jaramillo\'s registration.    last week, the state council, colombia\'s highest legal and administrative body, had accredited bernardo jaramillo as up\'s presidential candidate.    before making his candidacy effective, bernardo jaramillo told efe that he would attempt to become "the will of a wide and democratic sector of the people and an alternative to traditional colombian bipartisanship."  he added: "our movement wants to transcend the limits of the up and obtain followers from other sectors of the democratic left who support new government alternatives."    he did not reject the possibility that up and the 19th april movement (m-19), a rebel movement that is making efforts to join the country\'s legal political system, will present joint electoral tickets in some regions in the country.    "there is nothing concrete on this," he added, "but it could be an alternative if they propose it."    up president diego montana stated that "our party\'s main objective in these elections is to break the liberal and social conservative hegemony."  these two sectors have shared power during colombia\'s entire republican period.    "we present our candidate to other political movements with the hope that his candidacy will be backed and that we can create a new and wider force with possibilities of attaining victory," he noted.    jaramillo\'s campaign slogan, "countrymen, give me your hand" appeared in posters throughout bogota today.    after registering, bernardo jaramillo attended the funeral of a fellow party member, vladimir escobar, a soacha municipal official who was shot between the eyes and killed this week.  the soacha municipality is close to bogota.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(520, 524, ' vladimir esc', 2.7592215538024902), (520, 530, ' vladimir escobar, a soacha municipal', 0.13171911239624023), (520, 540, ' vladimir escobar, a soacha municipal official who was shot between the eyes and killed this', -1.2994452714920044)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the colombian leftist alliance, patriotic union (up), was the first party to register a presidential candidate in the upcoming 27 may elections when it officially registered bernardo jaramillo ossa, 34, as its candidate today.    prior to jaramillo ossa\'s arrival at the national registry office, accompanied by 12 bodyguards, explosives experts from the secret police department checked the building and cordoned off the entrance he was going to use.    up was founded in 1985 and has lost almost 1,000 members and regional leaders in violent attacks.  it has also lost most of its representatives in bogota, including jaime pardo leal, the party founder and a previous presidential candidate who was murdered in 1987.    colombian communist party president gilberto vieira and the entire up directorate attended bernardo jaramillo\'s registration.    last week, the state council, colombia\'s highest legal and administrative body, had accredited bernardo jaramillo as up\'s presidential candidate.    before making his candidacy effective, bernardo jaramillo told efe that he would attempt to become "the will of a wide and democratic sector of the people and an alternative to traditional colombian bipartisanship."  he added: "our movement wants to transcend the limits of the up and obtain followers from other sectors of the democratic left who support new government alternatives."    he did not reject the possibility that up and the 19th april movement (m-19), a rebel movement that is making efforts to join the country\'s legal political system, will present joint electoral tickets in some regions in the country.    "there is nothing concrete on this," he added, "but it could be an alternative if they propose it."    up president diego montana stated that "our party\'s main objective in these elections is to break the liberal and social conservative hegemony."  these two sectors have shared power during colombia\'s entire republican period.    "we present our candidate to other political movements with the hope that his candidacy will be backed and that we can create a new and wider force with possibilities of attaining victory," he noted.    jaramillo\'s campaign slogan, "countrymen, give me your hand" appeared in posters throughout bogota today.    after registering, bernardo jaramillo attended the funeral of a fellow party member, vladimir escobar, a soacha municipal official who was shot between the eyes and killed this week.  the soacha municipality is close to bogota.</s>', 'start_gold': 2363, 'end_gold': 2378, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(142, 161, ' jaime pardo leal, the party founder and a previous presidential candidate who was murdered in', 3.706374406814575), (142, 156, ' jaime pardo leal, the party founder and a previous presidential', 3.495159864425659), (142, 147, ' jaime pardo le', 3.3018202781677246)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the colombian leftist alliance, patriotic union (up), was the first party to register a presidential candidate in the upcoming 27 may elections when it officially registered bernardo jaramillo ossa, 34, as its candidate today.    prior to jaramillo ossa\'s arrival at the national registry office, accompanied by 12 bodyguards, explosives experts from the secret police department checked the building and cordoned off the entrance he was going to use.    up was founded in 1985 and has lost almost 1,000 members and regional leaders in violent attacks.  it has also lost most of its representatives in bogota, including jaime pardo leal, the party founder and a previous presidential candidate who was murdered in 1987.    colombian communist party president gilberto vieira and the entire up directorate attended bernardo jaramillo\'s registration.    last week, the state council, colombia\'s highest legal and administrative body, had accredited bernardo jaramillo as up\'s presidential candidate.    before making his candidacy effective, bernardo jaramillo told efe that he would attempt to become "the will of a wide and democratic sector of the people and an alternative to traditional colombian bipartisanship."  he added: "our movement wants to transcend the limits of the up and obtain followers from other sectors of the democratic left who support new government alternatives."    he did not reject the possibility that up and the 19th april movement (m-19), a rebel movement that is making efforts to join the country\'s legal political system, will present joint electoral tickets in some regions in the country.    "there is nothing concrete on this," he added, "but it could be an alternative if they propose it."    up president diego montana stated that "our party\'s main objective in these elections is to break the liberal and social conservative hegemony."  these two sectors have shared power during colombia\'s entire republican period.    "we present our candidate to other political movements with the hope that his candidacy will be backed and that we can create a new and wider force with possibilities of attaining victory," he noted.    jaramillo\'s campaign slogan, "countrymen, give me your hand" appeared in posters throughout bogota today.    after registering, bernardo jaramillo attended the funeral of a fellow party member, vladimir escobar, a soacha municipal official who was shot between the eyes and killed this week.  the soacha municipality is close to bogota.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(520, 524, ' vladimir esc', -0.130615234375), (520, 530, ' vladimir escobar, a soacha municipal', -2.7205185890197754), (520, 540, ' vladimir escobar, a soacha municipal official who was shot between the eyes and killed this', -3.8342363834381104)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>concerning the prospects for the dialogue - negotiation based on the mediation of un secretary general javier perez de cuellar and the debate in the u.s.  congress on the aid to el salvador, the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) reports:    1.  we have viewed with great concern the government and army's rejection mr perez de cuellar's participation in the dialogue - negotiation process as a mediator.  this attitude is an obstacle to a process that could facilitate the negotiation effort.  on our part, we have accepted this mediation and we have undertaken efforts to achieve it.    2. the state of siege, the assassination of social democratic leader hector oqueli, the doubtful and insufficient initial results in the case of the jesuit priests, the absence of conditions for the political activity of the opposition, the continuation of the persecution of churches, and the lack of freedom of speech through the direct or covert gagging of the press show that cristiani's government is carrying out a policy of confrontation with all the country's social and political forces.  for this reason, the terms of the dialogue - negotiation must be reoriented so that it will be turned into a national process with the participation of all those forces.    3. we view as gravely erroneous the persistence of a government policy based on the idea of the fmln's alleged military weakness.  this position, similar to the one that was put forth prior to 11 november (date of the beginning of the fmln military offensive) will only lead the country to greater levels of confrontation.    4. we reaffirm our willingness to hold the meeting of both sides with the un secretary general soon.  we hope that mr cristiani's visit to the united nations will lead to such a meeting and that we can agree with the mediator on the date to hold it.    5.  we believe that the u.s. aid to the salvadoran government is directed against democratization and a political solution.  the sending of signals to one or another sector of the government or army, using the pressure of setting conditions or threatening the end of aid, does not resolve the problem.  we believe the members of the u.s. congress can make an important contribution to end the war in our country by agreeing to suspend that aid, something which could form part of a negotiated agreement that would simultaneously entail a cease-fire.    (signed) fmln general command    commanders salvador sanchez ceren, shafik jorge handal, francisco jovel, eduardo sancho, joaquin villalobos    30 january 1990</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(83, 85, ' government and', 5.475732803344727), (83, 108, " government and army's rejection mr perez de cuellar's participation in the dialogue - negotiation process as a medi", 0.7931280136108398), (83, 96, " government and army's rejection mr perez de cuell", 0.4917569160461426)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>concerning the prospects for the dialogue - negotiation based on the mediation of un secretary general javier perez de cuellar and the debate in the u.s.  congress on the aid to el salvador, the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) reports:    1.  we have viewed with great concern the government and army's rejection mr perez de cuellar's participation in the dialogue - negotiation process as a mediator.  this attitude is an obstacle to a process that could facilitate the negotiation effort.  on our part, we have accepted this mediation and we have undertaken efforts to achieve it.    2. the state of siege, the assassination of social democratic leader hector oqueli, the doubtful and insufficient initial results in the case of the jesuit priests, the absence of conditions for the political activity of the opposition, the continuation of the persecution of churches, and the lack of freedom of speech through the direct or covert gagging of the press show that cristiani's government is carrying out a policy of confrontation with all the country's social and political forces.  for this reason, the terms of the dialogue - negotiation must be reoriented so that it will be turned into a national process with the participation of all those forces.    3. we view as gravely erroneous the persistence of a government policy based on the idea of the fmln's alleged military weakness.  this position, similar to the one that was put forth prior to 11 november (date of the beginning of the fmln military offensive) will only lead the country to greater levels of confrontation.    4. we reaffirm our willingness to hold the meeting of both sides with the un secretary general soon.  we hope that mr cristiani's visit to the united nations will lead to such a meeting and that we can agree with the mediator on the date to hold it.    5.  we believe that the u.s. aid to the salvadoran government is directed against democratization and a political solution.  the sending of signals to one or another sector of the government or army, using the pressure of setting conditions or threatening the end of aid, does not resolve the problem.  we believe the members of the u.s. congress can make an important contribution to end the war in our country by agreeing to suspend that aid, something which could form part of a negotiated agreement that would simultaneously entail a cease-fire.    (signed) fmln general command    commanders salvador sanchez ceren, shafik jorge handal, francisco jovel, eduardo sancho, joaquin villalobos    30 january 1990</s>", 'start_gold': 307, 'end_gold': 319, 'gold': ' weakness.  this position, similar to the one that was', 'candidates': [(83, 85, ' government and', 7.545096397399902), (83, 86, ' government and army', 2.4343724250793457), (83, 108, " government and army's rejection mr perez de cuellar's participation in the dialogue - negotiation process as a medi", 1.9962139129638672)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>concerning the prospects for the dialogue - negotiation based on the mediation of un secretary general javier perez de cuellar and the debate in the u.s.  congress on the aid to el salvador, the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) reports:    1.  we have viewed with great concern the government and army's rejection mr perez de cuellar's participation in the dialogue - negotiation process as a mediator.  this attitude is an obstacle to a process that could facilitate the negotiation effort.  on our part, we have accepted this mediation and we have undertaken efforts to achieve it.    2. the state of siege, the assassination of social democratic leader hector oqueli, the doubtful and insufficient initial results in the case of the jesuit priests, the absence of conditions for the political activity of the opposition, the continuation of the persecution of churches, and the lack of freedom of speech through the direct or covert gagging of the press show that cristiani's government is carrying out a policy of confrontation with all the country's social and political forces.  for this reason, the terms of the dialogue - negotiation must be reoriented so that it will be turned into a national process with the participation of all those forces.    3. we view as gravely erroneous the persistence of a government policy based on the idea of the fmln's alleged military weakness.  this position, similar to the one that was put forth prior to 11 november (date of the beginning of the fmln military offensive) will only lead the country to greater levels of confrontation.    4. we reaffirm our willingness to hold the meeting of both sides with the un secretary general soon.  we hope that mr cristiani's visit to the united nations will lead to such a meeting and that we can agree with the mediator on the date to hold it.    5.  we believe that the u.s. aid to the salvadoran government is directed against democratization and a political solution.  the sending of signals to one or another sector of the government or army, using the pressure of setting conditions or threatening the end of aid, does not resolve the problem.  we believe the members of the u.s. congress can make an important contribution to end the war in our country by agreeing to suspend that aid, something which could form part of a negotiated agreement that would simultaneously entail a cease-fire.    (signed) fmln general command    commanders salvador sanchez ceren, shafik jorge handal, francisco jovel, eduardo sancho, joaquin villalobos    30 january 1990</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(82, 84, ' government and', 2.097899913787842), (82, 82, '', -3.367344856262207), (82, 85, ' government and army', -3.606354236602783)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>concerning the prospects for the dialogue - negotiation based on the mediation of un secretary general javier perez de cuellar and the debate in the u.s.  congress on the aid to el salvador, the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) reports:    1.  we have viewed with great concern the government and army's rejection mr perez de cuellar's participation in the dialogue - negotiation process as a mediator.  this attitude is an obstacle to a process that could facilitate the negotiation effort.  on our part, we have accepted this mediation and we have undertaken efforts to achieve it.    2. the state of siege, the assassination of social democratic leader hector oqueli, the doubtful and insufficient initial results in the case of the jesuit priests, the absence of conditions for the political activity of the opposition, the continuation of the persecution of churches, and the lack of freedom of speech through the direct or covert gagging of the press show that cristiani's government is carrying out a policy of confrontation with all the country's social and political forces.  for this reason, the terms of the dialogue - negotiation must be reoriented so that it will be turned into a national process with the participation of all those forces.    3. we view as gravely erroneous the persistence of a government policy based on the idea of the fmln's alleged military weakness.  this position, similar to the one that was put forth prior to 11 november (date of the beginning of the fmln military offensive) will only lead the country to greater levels of confrontation.    4. we reaffirm our willingness to hold the meeting of both sides with the un secretary general soon.  we hope that mr cristiani's visit to the united nations will lead to such a meeting and that we can agree with the mediator on the date to hold it.    5.  we believe that the u.s. aid to the salvadoran government is directed against democratization and a political solution.  the sending of signals to one or another sector of the government or army, using the pressure of setting conditions or threatening the end of aid, does not resolve the problem.  we believe the members of the u.s. congress can make an important contribution to end the war in our country by agreeing to suspend that aid, something which could form part of a negotiated agreement that would simultaneously entail a cease-fire.    (signed) fmln general command    commanders salvador sanchez ceren, shafik jorge handal, francisco jovel, eduardo sancho, joaquin villalobos    30 january 1990</s>", 'start_gold': 680, 'end_gold': 695, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(177, 180, ' jesuit', 4.724482536315918), (177, 192, ' jesuit priests, the absence of conditions for the political activity of the', 0.40733861923217773), (177, 200, ' jesuit priests, the absence of conditions for the political activity of the opposition, the continuation of the persecution of', 0.29044342041015625)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>concerning the prospects for the dialogue - negotiation based on the mediation of un secretary general javier perez de cuellar and the debate in the u.s.  congress on the aid to el salvador, the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) reports:    1.  we have viewed with great concern the government and army's rejection mr perez de cuellar's participation in the dialogue - negotiation process as a mediator.  this attitude is an obstacle to a process that could facilitate the negotiation effort.  on our part, we have accepted this mediation and we have undertaken efforts to achieve it.    2. the state of siege, the assassination of social democratic leader hector oqueli, the doubtful and insufficient initial results in the case of the jesuit priests, the absence of conditions for the political activity of the opposition, the continuation of the persecution of churches, and the lack of freedom of speech through the direct or covert gagging of the press show that cristiani's government is carrying out a policy of confrontation with all the country's social and political forces.  for this reason, the terms of the dialogue - negotiation must be reoriented so that it will be turned into a national process with the participation of all those forces.    3. we view as gravely erroneous the persistence of a government policy based on the idea of the fmln's alleged military weakness.  this position, similar to the one that was put forth prior to 11 november (date of the beginning of the fmln military offensive) will only lead the country to greater levels of confrontation.    4. we reaffirm our willingness to hold the meeting of both sides with the un secretary general soon.  we hope that mr cristiani's visit to the united nations will lead to such a meeting and that we can agree with the mediator on the date to hold it.    5.  we believe that the u.s. aid to the salvadoran government is directed against democratization and a political solution.  the sending of signals to one or another sector of the government or army, using the pressure of setting conditions or threatening the end of aid, does not resolve the problem.  we believe the members of the u.s. congress can make an important contribution to end the war in our country by agreeing to suspend that aid, something which could form part of a negotiated agreement that would simultaneously entail a cease-fire.    (signed) fmln general command    commanders salvador sanchez ceren, shafik jorge handal, francisco jovel, eduardo sancho, joaquin villalobos    30 january 1990</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(82, 84, ' government and', 6.217660903930664), (82, 85, ' government and army', 0.17635798454284668), (82, 107, " government and army's rejection mr perez de cuellar's participation in the dialogue - negotiation process as a medi", 0.08915090560913086)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>it was officially announced today that six salvadoran soldiers were killed as a result of clashes with salvadoran rebels in northern el salvador over the past few hours.  meanwhile, it was also announced that the rebels attacked military positions in san salvador, blew up a store, and burned a public bus.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) and members of the 4th infantry brigade met in heavy clashes in the hamlet of el zungano, in chalatenango department, in the northern part of the country, on the afternoon of 1 february.  six soldiers were killed as a result of the clashes.  coprefa added that several guerrillas were killed or wounded.    in addition, it was reported that the fmln, an armed group that has been fighting against the government for almost 10 years, harassed two national guard posts last night.  the police reported that a powerful bomb went off at an electrical appliance store in downtown san salvador this morning, but causing only property damage.</s>', 'start_gold': 112, 'end_gold': 128, 'gold': ' clashes in the hamlet of el zungano, in chalaten', 'candidates': [(32, 32, '', 5.894968032836914), (32, 53, ' rebels in northern el salvador over the past few hours.  meanwhile, it was also announced that the', 4.084742546081543), (32, 43, ' rebels in northern el salvador over the past few hours', -0.804755687713623)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>it was officially announced today that six salvadoran soldiers were killed as a result of clashes with salvadoran rebels in northern el salvador over the past few hours.  meanwhile, it was also announced that the rebels attacked military positions in san salvador, blew up a store, and burned a public bus.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) and members of the 4th infantry brigade met in heavy clashes in the hamlet of el zungano, in chalatenango department, in the northern part of the country, on the afternoon of 1 february.  six soldiers were killed as a result of the clashes.  coprefa added that several guerrillas were killed or wounded.    in addition, it was reported that the fmln, an armed group that has been fighting against the government for almost 10 years, harassed two national guard posts last night.  the police reported that a powerful bomb went off at an electrical appliance store in downtown san salvador this morning, but causing only property damage.</s>', 'start_gold': 380, 'end_gold': 399, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(32, 32, '', 8.822320938110352), (32, 53, ' rebels in northern el salvador over the past few hours.  meanwhile, it was also announced that the', 7.117778778076172), (32, 43, ' rebels in northern el salvador over the past few hours', 1.2386529445648193)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>it was officially announced today that six salvadoran soldiers were killed as a result of clashes with salvadoran rebels in northern el salvador over the past few hours.  meanwhile, it was also announced that the rebels attacked military positions in san salvador, blew up a store, and burned a public bus.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) and members of the 4th infantry brigade met in heavy clashes in the hamlet of el zungano, in chalatenango department, in the northern part of the country, on the afternoon of 1 february.  six soldiers were killed as a result of the clashes.  coprefa added that several guerrillas were killed or wounded.    in addition, it was reported that the fmln, an armed group that has been fighting against the government for almost 10 years, harassed two national guard posts last night.  the police reported that a powerful bomb went off at an electrical appliance store in downtown san salvador this morning, but causing only property damage.</s>', 'start_gold': 283, 'end_gold': 294, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(54, 70, ' military positions in san salvador, blew up a store, and burned a public', 2.480011463165283), (54, 55, ' military', 1.8608894348144531), (54, 59, ' military positions in san salv', 1.5104265213012695)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>it was officially announced today that six salvadoran soldiers were killed as a result of clashes with salvadoran rebels in northern el salvador over the past few hours.  meanwhile, it was also announced that the rebels attacked military positions in san salvador, blew up a store, and burned a public bus.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) and members of the 4th infantry brigade met in heavy clashes in the hamlet of el zungano, in chalatenango department, in the northern part of the country, on the afternoon of 1 february.  six soldiers were killed as a result of the clashes.  coprefa added that several guerrillas were killed or wounded.    in addition, it was reported that the fmln, an armed group that has been fighting against the government for almost 10 years, harassed two national guard posts last night.  the police reported that a powerful bomb went off at an electrical appliance store in downtown san salvador this morning, but causing only property damage.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(15, 19, ' six salvadoran', 7.729385852813721), (15, 31, ' six salvadoran soldiers were killed as a result of clashes with salvadoran', 5.5167555809021), (15, 21, ' six salvadoran soldiers were', 4.31977653503418)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>it was officially announced today that six salvadoran soldiers were killed as a result of clashes with salvadoran rebels in northern el salvador over the past few hours.  meanwhile, it was also announced that the rebels attacked military positions in san salvador, blew up a store, and burned a public bus.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln) and members of the 4th infantry brigade met in heavy clashes in the hamlet of el zungano, in chalatenango department, in the northern part of the country, on the afternoon of 1 february.  six soldiers were killed as a result of the clashes.  coprefa added that several guerrillas were killed or wounded.    in addition, it was reported that the fmln, an armed group that has been fighting against the government for almost 10 years, harassed two national guard posts last night.  the police reported that a powerful bomb went off at an electrical appliance store in downtown san salvador this morning, but causing only property damage.</s>', 'start_gold': 935, 'end_gold': 947, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(28, 31, ' salvadoran', 5.993138313293457), (28, 52, ' salvadoran rebels in northern el salvador over the past few hours.  meanwhile, it was also announced that the', 3.9573111534118652), (28, 55, ' salvadoran rebels in northern el salvador over the past few hours.  meanwhile, it was also announced that the rebels attacked military', -1.3280444145202637)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>smartly dressed and speaking in nearly perfect english, salvadoran president alfredo cristiani has again visited the united states, where he tried to appear at the congress and the united nations as a statesman aware of his rights.    this is, however, a critical moment for the salvadoran president, and he knows it.  but this point was also stressed by the large numbers of people who booed him at nearly every large u.s.  city he visited.  although the ghosts of the assassinated jesuits shadowed him all during his tour, the arena (nationalist republican alliance) representative, just as his predecessor jose napoleon duarte did, flew to the united states to try to convince the legislators, particularly the democrats, that he intends to resume the dialogue for peace and check the army's criminal aspirations.  waving the human rights flag has been the most important thing for cristiani, particularly because he is aware that with this action he can continue to receive washington's financial support for his government.    according to to some experts, cristiani went farther than his predecessor.  he asked the un secretary general to help in the resumption of talks with the guerrillas, replaced several military officers of doubtful reputation, and assured he will punish severely eight soldiers accused of assassinating the six jesuit priests.  we must keep in mind that, prior to his trip, the salvadoran president succeeded in curbing a coup attempt staged by army reactionary groups. members of the salvadoran opposition have coincided in ther view that never before had a head of state challenged the military hierarchy to such an extent, a hierarchy that opposes all negotiation with the guerrillas.  the experts also said, however, that the country's internal situation has never been so serious.    the rebel offensive launched in november is a landmark, after which everything will be different in el salvador, beginning with the government party, which was left in a very delicate situation in the eyes of influential u.s. power circles.  the guerrilla drive also demonstrated that only two alternatives are left for the country.  if serious peace negotiations are not initiated, the counterinsurgency policy will be aggravated. this could even give the united states a pretext to intervene directly in the country.    although president george bush said he would continue to aid el salvador, a large number of legislators for a long time have been questioning what use has been nearly $4 billion delivered to the salvadoran army in 10 years of war.  if for the white house the alternative is to continue to give military aid to el salvador or resign itself to an eventual victory of the rebels, for cristiani the situation is even more difficult because, to get more money, he must ensure that human rights are respected.  this is equivalent to influencing the most reactionary military officers and guaranteeing the fulfillment of the famous economic recovery plan advocated by his party.  these points are nearly impossible to comply with in a country immersed in war.  if the economy is weak, respect for human rights is even weaker.  anyway, the u.s. government is planning to increase aid for the salvadoran government.  this contributes to putting far into the distance any plans to end the war.</s>", 'start_gold': 1302, 'end_gold': 1315, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(504, 508, ' a large number of', 4.385703086853027), (504, 530, ' a large number of legislators for a long time have been questioning what use has been nearly $4 billion delivered to the salvadoran', 2.5817370414733887), (504, 515, ' a large number of legislators for a long time have been', 0.36365532875061035)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>smartly dressed and speaking in nearly perfect english, salvadoran president alfredo cristiani has again visited the united states, where he tried to appear at the congress and the united nations as a statesman aware of his rights.    this is, however, a critical moment for the salvadoran president, and he knows it.  but this point was also stressed by the large numbers of people who booed him at nearly every large u.s.  city he visited.  although the ghosts of the assassinated jesuits shadowed him all during his tour, the arena (nationalist republican alliance) representative, just as his predecessor jose napoleon duarte did, flew to the united states to try to convince the legislators, particularly the democrats, that he intends to resume the dialogue for peace and check the army's criminal aspirations.  waving the human rights flag has been the most important thing for cristiani, particularly because he is aware that with this action he can continue to receive washington's financial support for his government.    according to to some experts, cristiani went farther than his predecessor.  he asked the un secretary general to help in the resumption of talks with the guerrillas, replaced several military officers of doubtful reputation, and assured he will punish severely eight soldiers accused of assassinating the six jesuit priests.  we must keep in mind that, prior to his trip, the salvadoran president succeeded in curbing a coup attempt staged by army reactionary groups. members of the salvadoran opposition have coincided in ther view that never before had a head of state challenged the military hierarchy to such an extent, a hierarchy that opposes all negotiation with the guerrillas.  the experts also said, however, that the country's internal situation has never been so serious.    the rebel offensive launched in november is a landmark, after which everything will be different in el salvador, beginning with the government party, which was left in a very delicate situation in the eyes of influential u.s. power circles.  the guerrilla drive also demonstrated that only two alternatives are left for the country.  if serious peace negotiations are not initiated, the counterinsurgency policy will be aggravated. this could even give the united states a pretext to intervene directly in the country.    although president george bush said he would continue to aid el salvador, a large number of legislators for a long time have been questioning what use has been nearly $4 billion delivered to the salvadoran army in 10 years of war.  if for the white house the alternative is to continue to give military aid to el salvador or resign itself to an eventual victory of the rebels, for cristiani the situation is even more difficult because, to get more money, he must ensure that human rights are respected.  this is equivalent to influencing the most reactionary military officers and guaranteeing the fulfillment of the famous economic recovery plan advocated by his party.  these points are nearly impossible to comply with in a country immersed in war.  if the economy is weak, respect for human rights is even weaker.  anyway, the u.s. government is planning to increase aid for the salvadoran government.  this contributes to putting far into the distance any plans to end the war.</s>", 'start_gold': 797, 'end_gold': 810, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(504, 508, ' a large number of', 3.514101266860962), (504, 530, ' a large number of legislators for a long time have been questioning what use has been nearly $4 billion delivered to the salvadoran', 3.377990961074829), (504, 515, ' a large number of legislators for a long time have been', 0.2351360321044922)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>smartly dressed and speaking in nearly perfect english, salvadoran president alfredo cristiani has again visited the united states, where he tried to appear at the congress and the united nations as a statesman aware of his rights.    this is, however, a critical moment for the salvadoran president, and he knows it.  but this point was also stressed by the large numbers of people who booed him at nearly every large u.s.  city he visited.  although the ghosts of the assassinated jesuits shadowed him all during his tour, the arena (nationalist republican alliance) representative, just as his predecessor jose napoleon duarte did, flew to the united states to try to convince the legislators, particularly the democrats, that he intends to resume the dialogue for peace and check the army's criminal aspirations.  waving the human rights flag has been the most important thing for cristiani, particularly because he is aware that with this action he can continue to receive washington's financial support for his government.    according to to some experts, cristiani went farther than his predecessor.  he asked the un secretary general to help in the resumption of talks with the guerrillas, replaced several military officers of doubtful reputation, and assured he will punish severely eight soldiers accused of assassinating the six jesuit priests.  we must keep in mind that, prior to his trip, the salvadoran president succeeded in curbing a coup attempt staged by army reactionary groups. members of the salvadoran opposition have coincided in ther view that never before had a head of state challenged the military hierarchy to such an extent, a hierarchy that opposes all negotiation with the guerrillas.  the experts also said, however, that the country's internal situation has never been so serious.    the rebel offensive launched in november is a landmark, after which everything will be different in el salvador, beginning with the government party, which was left in a very delicate situation in the eyes of influential u.s. power circles.  the guerrilla drive also demonstrated that only two alternatives are left for the country.  if serious peace negotiations are not initiated, the counterinsurgency policy will be aggravated. this could even give the united states a pretext to intervene directly in the country.    although president george bush said he would continue to aid el salvador, a large number of legislators for a long time have been questioning what use has been nearly $4 billion delivered to the salvadoran army in 10 years of war.  if for the white house the alternative is to continue to give military aid to el salvador or resign itself to an eventual victory of the rebels, for cristiani the situation is even more difficult because, to get more money, he must ensure that human rights are respected.  this is equivalent to influencing the most reactionary military officers and guaranteeing the fulfillment of the famous economic recovery plan advocated by his party.  these points are nearly impossible to comply with in a country immersed in war.  if the economy is weak, respect for human rights is even weaker.  anyway, the u.s. government is planning to increase aid for the salvadoran government.  this contributes to putting far into the distance any plans to end the war.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(116, 119, ' assassinated jes', 1.6096707582473755), (116, 126, ' assassinated jesuits shadowed him all during his', -3.118584632873535), (116, 116, '', -3.1562604904174805)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>smartly dressed and speaking in nearly perfect english, salvadoran president alfredo cristiani has again visited the united states, where he tried to appear at the congress and the united nations as a statesman aware of his rights.    this is, however, a critical moment for the salvadoran president, and he knows it.  but this point was also stressed by the large numbers of people who booed him at nearly every large u.s.  city he visited.  although the ghosts of the assassinated jesuits shadowed him all during his tour, the arena (nationalist republican alliance) representative, just as his predecessor jose napoleon duarte did, flew to the united states to try to convince the legislators, particularly the democrats, that he intends to resume the dialogue for peace and check the army's criminal aspirations.  waving the human rights flag has been the most important thing for cristiani, particularly because he is aware that with this action he can continue to receive washington's financial support for his government.    according to to some experts, cristiani went farther than his predecessor.  he asked the un secretary general to help in the resumption of talks with the guerrillas, replaced several military officers of doubtful reputation, and assured he will punish severely eight soldiers accused of assassinating the six jesuit priests.  we must keep in mind that, prior to his trip, the salvadoran president succeeded in curbing a coup attempt staged by army reactionary groups. members of the salvadoran opposition have coincided in ther view that never before had a head of state challenged the military hierarchy to such an extent, a hierarchy that opposes all negotiation with the guerrillas.  the experts also said, however, that the country's internal situation has never been so serious.    the rebel offensive launched in november is a landmark, after which everything will be different in el salvador, beginning with the government party, which was left in a very delicate situation in the eyes of influential u.s. power circles.  the guerrilla drive also demonstrated that only two alternatives are left for the country.  if serious peace negotiations are not initiated, the counterinsurgency policy will be aggravated. this could even give the united states a pretext to intervene directly in the country.    although president george bush said he would continue to aid el salvador, a large number of legislators for a long time have been questioning what use has been nearly $4 billion delivered to the salvadoran army in 10 years of war.  if for the white house the alternative is to continue to give military aid to el salvador or resign itself to an eventual victory of the rebels, for cristiani the situation is even more difficult because, to get more money, he must ensure that human rights are respected.  this is equivalent to influencing the most reactionary military officers and guaranteeing the fulfillment of the famous economic recovery plan advocated by his party.  these points are nearly impossible to comply with in a country immersed in war.  if the economy is weak, respect for human rights is even weaker.  anyway, the u.s. government is planning to increase aid for the salvadoran government.  this contributes to putting far into the distance any plans to end the war.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(116, 119, ' assassinated jes', 6.511313438415527), (116, 116, '', 1.194474220275879), (116, 123, ' assassinated jesuits shadowed him', 0.3938729763031006)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>smartly dressed and speaking in nearly perfect english, salvadoran president alfredo cristiani has again visited the united states, where he tried to appear at the congress and the united nations as a statesman aware of his rights.    this is, however, a critical moment for the salvadoran president, and he knows it.  but this point was also stressed by the large numbers of people who booed him at nearly every large u.s.  city he visited.  although the ghosts of the assassinated jesuits shadowed him all during his tour, the arena (nationalist republican alliance) representative, just as his predecessor jose napoleon duarte did, flew to the united states to try to convince the legislators, particularly the democrats, that he intends to resume the dialogue for peace and check the army's criminal aspirations.  waving the human rights flag has been the most important thing for cristiani, particularly because he is aware that with this action he can continue to receive washington's financial support for his government.    according to to some experts, cristiani went farther than his predecessor.  he asked the un secretary general to help in the resumption of talks with the guerrillas, replaced several military officers of doubtful reputation, and assured he will punish severely eight soldiers accused of assassinating the six jesuit priests.  we must keep in mind that, prior to his trip, the salvadoran president succeeded in curbing a coup attempt staged by army reactionary groups. members of the salvadoran opposition have coincided in ther view that never before had a head of state challenged the military hierarchy to such an extent, a hierarchy that opposes all negotiation with the guerrillas.  the experts also said, however, that the country's internal situation has never been so serious.    the rebel offensive launched in november is a landmark, after which everything will be different in el salvador, beginning with the government party, which was left in a very delicate situation in the eyes of influential u.s. power circles.  the guerrilla drive also demonstrated that only two alternatives are left for the country.  if serious peace negotiations are not initiated, the counterinsurgency policy will be aggravated. this could even give the united states a pretext to intervene directly in the country.    although president george bush said he would continue to aid el salvador, a large number of legislators for a long time have been questioning what use has been nearly $4 billion delivered to the salvadoran army in 10 years of war.  if for the white house the alternative is to continue to give military aid to el salvador or resign itself to an eventual victory of the rebels, for cristiani the situation is even more difficult because, to get more money, he must ensure that human rights are respected.  this is equivalent to influencing the most reactionary military officers and guaranteeing the fulfillment of the famous economic recovery plan advocated by his party.  these points are nearly impossible to comply with in a country immersed in war.  if the economy is weak, respect for human rights is even weaker.  anyway, the u.s. government is planning to increase aid for the salvadoran government.  this contributes to putting far into the distance any plans to end the war.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(503, 529, ' a large number of legislators for a long time have been questioning what use has been nearly $4 billion delivered to the salvadoran', 3.980475425720215), (503, 507, ' a large number of', 1.5849717855453491), (503, 522, ' a large number of legislators for a long time have been questioning what use has been nearly $4', 0.7816969752311707)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>"while farc complied and continues to comply with the unilateral cease-fire, the army has been conducting military offensives against several farc fronts, such as 1, 5, 10, 26, 38, 24, 18, 11, 23, 19, 41, 46, and others.    "farc, however, persists in its effort to comply with its pledged word, naturally without relinquishing its legitimate defense when it comes to military operations," the letter to the notables added.    "our saying that through you we are proposing to the government a cease-fire so the march legislative elections and the may presidential elections can be held in a climate of peace and democratic guarantees does not change our previous stand regarding our unilateral cease-fire.    "we are now proposing that this cease-fire be general during the elections and that the eminent addressees of the letter become supervisors of what could be a new process of reconciliation and peace in the colombian family," the letter stated.    the rebel leaders said that, because new disagreements and conflicts have appeared in the midst of a crisis never before heard of in the country, "we are insisting on this general cease-fire proposal."    the letter said further: "because, far from diminishing, crimes against public order, such as abductions, extortion, and threats, not only have increased in the past few months but prevail in various areas of colombia, we could hardly ask the armed forces to stop their functions of protecting the lives and properties of the people.    "we think it is necessary to clarify that there is a difference between the police cases and those of public order that are the responsibility of the armed forces, according to the constitution. similarly, we must clarify that kidnappings, extortion, and threats are not part of the policy of the farc staff.    "we are hereby proposing to the eminent supervisors to join us in the search for ways leading to peace and independent progress in the country.    "farc staff, in the mountains of colombia. manuel marulanda, alias "tirofijo," jacobo arenas, alfonso cano, raul reyes, and timoleon jimenez."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(0, 0, 'no answer', 0), (440, 444, ' manuel marul', -9.336847305297852), (209, 212, ' colombian', -10.662031173706055)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>"while farc complied and continues to comply with the unilateral cease-fire, the army has been conducting military offensives against several farc fronts, such as 1, 5, 10, 26, 38, 24, 18, 11, 23, 19, 41, 46, and others.    "farc, however, persists in its effort to comply with its pledged word, naturally without relinquishing its legitimate defense when it comes to military operations," the letter to the notables added.    "our saying that through you we are proposing to the government a cease-fire so the march legislative elections and the may presidential elections can be held in a climate of peace and democratic guarantees does not change our previous stand regarding our unilateral cease-fire.    "we are now proposing that this cease-fire be general during the elections and that the eminent addressees of the letter become supervisors of what could be a new process of reconciliation and peace in the colombian family," the letter stated.    the rebel leaders said that, because new disagreements and conflicts have appeared in the midst of a crisis never before heard of in the country, "we are insisting on this general cease-fire proposal."    the letter said further: "because, far from diminishing, crimes against public order, such as abductions, extortion, and threats, not only have increased in the past few months but prevail in various areas of colombia, we could hardly ask the armed forces to stop their functions of protecting the lives and properties of the people.    "we think it is necessary to clarify that there is a difference between the police cases and those of public order that are the responsibility of the armed forces, according to the constitution. similarly, we must clarify that kidnappings, extortion, and threats are not part of the policy of the farc staff.    "we are hereby proposing to the eminent supervisors to join us in the search for ways leading to peace and independent progress in the country.    "farc staff, in the mountains of colombia. manuel marulanda, alias "tirofijo," jacobo arenas, alfonso cano, raul reyes, and timoleon jimenez."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(0, 0, 'no answer', 0), (12, 39, ' farc complied and continues to comply with the unilateral cease-fire, the army has been conducting military offensives against several farc', -8.763930320739746), (12, 13, ' far', -9.477635383605957)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>"while farc complied and continues to comply with the unilateral cease-fire, the army has been conducting military offensives against several farc fronts, such as 1, 5, 10, 26, 38, 24, 18, 11, 23, 19, 41, 46, and others.    "farc, however, persists in its effort to comply with its pledged word, naturally without relinquishing its legitimate defense when it comes to military operations," the letter to the notables added.    "our saying that through you we are proposing to the government a cease-fire so the march legislative elections and the may presidential elections can be held in a climate of peace and democratic guarantees does not change our previous stand regarding our unilateral cease-fire.    "we are now proposing that this cease-fire be general during the elections and that the eminent addressees of the letter become supervisors of what could be a new process of reconciliation and peace in the colombian family," the letter stated.    the rebel leaders said that, because new disagreements and conflicts have appeared in the midst of a crisis never before heard of in the country, "we are insisting on this general cease-fire proposal."    the letter said further: "because, far from diminishing, crimes against public order, such as abductions, extortion, and threats, not only have increased in the past few months but prevail in various areas of colombia, we could hardly ask the armed forces to stop their functions of protecting the lives and properties of the people.    "we think it is necessary to clarify that there is a difference between the police cases and those of public order that are the responsibility of the armed forces, according to the constitution. similarly, we must clarify that kidnappings, extortion, and threats are not part of the policy of the farc staff.    "we are hereby proposing to the eminent supervisors to join us in the search for ways leading to peace and independent progress in the country.    "farc staff, in the mountains of colombia. manuel marulanda, alias "tirofijo," jacobo arenas, alfonso cano, raul reyes, and timoleon jimenez."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(35, 38, ' several farc', 8.881406784057617), (35, 64, ' several farc fronts, such as 1, 5, 10, 26, 38, 24, 18, 11, 23, 19, 41,', 5.359011173248291), (35, 37, ' several far', 5.092168807983398)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>"while farc complied and continues to comply with the unilateral cease-fire, the army has been conducting military offensives against several farc fronts, such as 1, 5, 10, 26, 38, 24, 18, 11, 23, 19, 41, 46, and others.    "farc, however, persists in its effort to comply with its pledged word, naturally without relinquishing its legitimate defense when it comes to military operations," the letter to the notables added.    "our saying that through you we are proposing to the government a cease-fire so the march legislative elections and the may presidential elections can be held in a climate of peace and democratic guarantees does not change our previous stand regarding our unilateral cease-fire.    "we are now proposing that this cease-fire be general during the elections and that the eminent addressees of the letter become supervisors of what could be a new process of reconciliation and peace in the colombian family," the letter stated.    the rebel leaders said that, because new disagreements and conflicts have appeared in the midst of a crisis never before heard of in the country, "we are insisting on this general cease-fire proposal."    the letter said further: "because, far from diminishing, crimes against public order, such as abductions, extortion, and threats, not only have increased in the past few months but prevail in various areas of colombia, we could hardly ask the armed forces to stop their functions of protecting the lives and properties of the people.    "we think it is necessary to clarify that there is a difference between the police cases and those of public order that are the responsibility of the armed forces, according to the constitution. similarly, we must clarify that kidnappings, extortion, and threats are not part of the policy of the farc staff.    "we are hereby proposing to the eminent supervisors to join us in the search for ways leading to peace and independent progress in the country.    "farc staff, in the mountains of colombia. manuel marulanda, alias "tirofijo," jacobo arenas, alfonso cano, raul reyes, and timoleon jimenez."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(321, 327, ' the lives and properties of the', 7.05178165435791), (321, 324, ' the lives and', 4.44003963470459), (321, 328, ' the lives and properties of the people', 2.271897315979004)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>"while farc complied and continues to comply with the unilateral cease-fire, the army has been conducting military offensives against several farc fronts, such as 1, 5, 10, 26, 38, 24, 18, 11, 23, 19, 41, 46, and others.    "farc, however, persists in its effort to comply with its pledged word, naturally without relinquishing its legitimate defense when it comes to military operations," the letter to the notables added.    "our saying that through you we are proposing to the government a cease-fire so the march legislative elections and the may presidential elections can be held in a climate of peace and democratic guarantees does not change our previous stand regarding our unilateral cease-fire.    "we are now proposing that this cease-fire be general during the elections and that the eminent addressees of the letter become supervisors of what could be a new process of reconciliation and peace in the colombian family," the letter stated.    the rebel leaders said that, because new disagreements and conflicts have appeared in the midst of a crisis never before heard of in the country, "we are insisting on this general cease-fire proposal."    the letter said further: "because, far from diminishing, crimes against public order, such as abductions, extortion, and threats, not only have increased in the past few months but prevail in various areas of colombia, we could hardly ask the armed forces to stop their functions of protecting the lives and properties of the people.    "we think it is necessary to clarify that there is a difference between the police cases and those of public order that are the responsibility of the armed forces, according to the constitution. similarly, we must clarify that kidnappings, extortion, and threats are not part of the policy of the farc staff.    "we are hereby proposing to the eminent supervisors to join us in the search for ways leading to peace and independent progress in the country.    "farc staff, in the mountains of colombia. manuel marulanda, alias "tirofijo," jacobo arenas, alfonso cano, raul reyes, and timoleon jimenez."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(25, 26, ' the', -0.19410932064056396), (25, 38, ' the army has been conducting military offensives against several farc', -1.9087169170379639), (25, 33, ' the army has been conducting military offens', -4.395317077636719)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>contra commander israel galeano, alias franklin, has told tiempo that the anti-sandinist rebels will stay armed, regardless of the results of the 25 february elections in nicaragua, to make sure the democratic changes take place.    "we will maintain our organization intact even if the uno (national opposition union) wins, waiting for profound democratic changes and an end to the repressive regime imposed by the sandinists," said the chief of staff of the nicaraguan resistance (rn).    this past january, the 29-year-old galeano became the leader of about 12,000 nicaraguan rightist rebels based in honduras when the post of commander in chief of the rn army, a post enrique bermudez had held for 10 years, was eliminated.    nicaragua will hold elections on sunday, 25 february, and the main candidates running for president are daniel ortega of the sandinist national liberation front (fsln) and violeta de chamorro of the uno.    the rebels, supported by the united states, have urged nicaraguans to vote for the uno candidate.    "if the uno wins, we will maintain our organization intact to see if on 25 april there is a total transfer of power and profound reforms, and particularly to see if the repressive system disappears," galeano said.    "if the sandinists win or steal the elections, there will be a social disruption against the system and the hardest struggle of recent years will take place," he added.    the contra military chief said that "if the people do not accept a sandinist victory, "we will have to continue fighting."    he assured that the nicaraguans will not accept an fsln victory in the 25 february elections.    galeano added that the sandinists have deployed approximately 30,000 troops in the northern nicaraguan departments in order to "intimidate and murder" uno followers and to prevent approximately 300,000 nicaraguans from voting.    galeano pointed out that the press and the foreign observers of the elections have no access to the areas where the nicaraguan troops have deployed.    "even though the foreign observers claim that the campaign was freely held, the people have had to make sacrifices," he said.    galeano said that about 5,000 of his men are inside nicaragua, and between 10,000 to 12,000 men are in bases in honduras, "not moving, but just observing the electoral process" in nicaragua.    the rebels in honduras are receiving u.s. humanitarian aid in el paraiso department and have rejected a demobilization plan approved by the central american presidents.  the rebels claim they do not have any guarantees for their personal security and for the implementation of a democratic process.    "the demobilization is based on the nicaraguan government creating conditions that will encourage the members of the armed rn to join civic life," he added.    galeano said that the dismantling of his forces does not "depend of a simple elections," but rather on "the sandinists leaving power completely."    the contra leader warned that "we cannot lay down our weapons when the causes that led to our taking up arms have not disappeared.  there still is repression, a lack of freedom, and all of this was generated by the sandinists."    he pointed out that in the event the uno should win the 25 february elections, "we would have to carry out a mutual demobilization.  the nicaraguan problem can be solved with an inter-american peace force that will receive all the weaponry and soviet tanks of the sandinists. then, when we are at an even level of forces, we will turn over our own weapons."    the contra chief suggested a national police be created in nicaragua.    franklin said that the contras are willing to continue the peace talks, but perhaps after the elections, with the new nicaraguan government.    he assured that the rebel forces will not carry out "any offensive operations before, during, or after the elections, and will wait and see if there are changes in nicaragua."    he said that the contras are willing to leave their camps in yamales if requested by the government of rafael leonardo callejas.    "if political conditions do not allow us to remain, we will leave (for nicaragua), but our refugeees will stay, as refugees," he added.    the chief of staff of</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(102, 104, ' sandin', 5.883857727050781), (102, 105, ' sandinists', 0.12010574340820312), (101, 104, ' the sandin', 4.758416175842285)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>contra commander israel galeano, alias franklin, has told tiempo that the anti-sandinist rebels will stay armed, regardless of the results of the 25 february elections in nicaragua, to make sure the democratic changes take place.    "we will maintain our organization intact even if the uno (national opposition union) wins, waiting for profound democratic changes and an end to the repressive regime imposed by the sandinists," said the chief of staff of the nicaraguan resistance (rn).    this past january, the 29-year-old galeano became the leader of about 12,000 nicaraguan rightist rebels based in honduras when the post of commander in chief of the rn army, a post enrique bermudez had held for 10 years, was eliminated.    nicaragua will hold elections on sunday, 25 february, and the main candidates running for president are daniel ortega of the sandinist national liberation front (fsln) and violeta de chamorro of the uno.    the rebels, supported by the united states, have urged nicaraguans to vote for the uno candidate.    "if the uno wins, we will maintain our organization intact to see if on 25 april there is a total transfer of power and profound reforms, and particularly to see if the repressive system disappears," galeano said.    "if the sandinists win or steal the elections, there will be a social disruption against the system and the hardest struggle of recent years will take place," he added.    the contra military chief said that "if the people do not accept a sandinist victory, "we will have to continue fighting."    he assured that the nicaraguans will not accept an fsln victory in the 25 february elections.    galeano added that the sandinists have deployed approximately 30,000 troops in the northern nicaraguan departments in order to "intimidate and murder" uno followers and to prevent approximately 300,000 nicaraguans from voting.    galeano pointed out that the press and the foreign observers of the elections have no access to the areas where the nicaraguan troops have deployed.    "even though the foreign observers claim that the campaign was freely held, the people have had to make sacrifices," he said.    galeano said that about 5,000 of his men are inside nicaragua, and between 10,000 to 12,000 men are in bases in honduras, "not moving, but just observing the electoral process" in nicaragua.    the rebels in honduras are receiving u.s. humanitarian aid in el paraiso department and have rejected a demobilization plan approved by the central american presidents.  the rebels claim they do not have any guarantees for their personal security and for the implementation of a democratic process.    "the demobilization is based on the nicaraguan government creating conditions that will encourage the members of the armed rn to join civic life," he added.    galeano said that the dismantling of his forces does not "depend of a simple elections," but rather on "the sandinists leaving power completely."    the contra leader warned that "we cannot lay down our weapons when the causes that led to our taking up arms have not disappeared.  there still is repression, a lack of freedom, and all of this was generated by the sandinists."    he pointed out that in the event the uno should win the 25 february elections, "we would have to carry out a mutual demobilization.  the nicaraguan problem can be solved with an inter-american peace force that will receive all the weaponry and soviet tanks of the sandinists. then, when we are at an even level of forces, we will turn over our own weapons."    the contra chief suggested a national police be created in nicaragua.    franklin said that the contras are willing to continue the peace talks, but perhaps after the elections, with the new nicaraguan government.    he assured that the rebel forces will not carry out "any offensive operations before, during, or after the elections, and will wait and see if there are changes in nicaragua."    he said that the contras are willing to leave their camps in yamales if requested by the government of rafael leonardo callejas.    "if political conditions do not allow us to remain, we will leave (for nicaragua), but our refugeees will stay, as refugees," he added.    the chief of staff of</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(102, 104, ' sandin', 5.911482810974121), (102, 105, ' sandinists', 0.8000819683074951), (101, 104, ' the sandin', 4.816749572753906)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>contra commander israel galeano, alias franklin, has told tiempo that the anti-sandinist rebels will stay armed, regardless of the results of the 25 february elections in nicaragua, to make sure the democratic changes take place.    "we will maintain our organization intact even if the uno (national opposition union) wins, waiting for profound democratic changes and an end to the repressive regime imposed by the sandinists," said the chief of staff of the nicaraguan resistance (rn).    this past january, the 29-year-old galeano became the leader of about 12,000 nicaraguan rightist rebels based in honduras when the post of commander in chief of the rn army, a post enrique bermudez had held for 10 years, was eliminated.    nicaragua will hold elections on sunday, 25 february, and the main candidates running for president are daniel ortega of the sandinist national liberation front (fsln) and violeta de chamorro of the uno.    the rebels, supported by the united states, have urged nicaraguans to vote for the uno candidate.    "if the uno wins, we will maintain our organization intact to see if on 25 april there is a total transfer of power and profound reforms, and particularly to see if the repressive system disappears," galeano said.    "if the sandinists win or steal the elections, there will be a social disruption against the system and the hardest struggle of recent years will take place," he added.    the contra military chief said that "if the people do not accept a sandinist victory, "we will have to continue fighting."    he assured that the nicaraguans will not accept an fsln victory in the 25 february elections.    galeano added that the sandinists have deployed approximately 30,000 troops in the northern nicaraguan departments in order to "intimidate and murder" uno followers and to prevent approximately 300,000 nicaraguans from voting.    galeano pointed out that the press and the foreign observers of the elections have no access to the areas where the nicaraguan troops have deployed.    "even though the foreign observers claim that the campaign was freely held, the people have had to make sacrifices," he said.    galeano said that about 5,000 of his men are inside nicaragua, and between 10,000 to 12,000 men are in bases in honduras, "not moving, but just observing the electoral process" in nicaragua.    the rebels in honduras are receiving u.s. humanitarian aid in el paraiso department and have rejected a demobilization plan approved by the central american presidents.  the rebels claim they do not have any guarantees for their personal security and for the implementation of a democratic process.    "the demobilization is based on the nicaraguan government creating conditions that will encourage the members of the armed rn to join civic life," he added.    galeano said that the dismantling of his forces does not "depend of a simple elections," but rather on "the sandinists leaving power completely."    the contra leader warned that "we cannot lay down our weapons when the causes that led to our taking up arms have not disappeared.  there still is repression, a lack of freedom, and all of this was generated by the sandinists."    he pointed out that in the event the uno should win the 25 february elections, "we would have to carry out a mutual demobilization.  the nicaraguan problem can be solved with an inter-american peace force that will receive all the weaponry and soviet tanks of the sandinists. then, when we are at an even level of forces, we will turn over our own weapons."    the contra chief suggested a national police be created in nicaragua.    franklin said that the contras are willing to continue the peace talks, but perhaps after the elections, with the new nicaraguan government.    he assured that the rebel forces will not carry out "any offensive operations before, during, or after the elections, and will wait and see if there are changes in nicaragua."    he said that the contras are willing to leave their camps in yamales if requested by the government of rafael leonardo callejas.    "if political conditions do not allow us to remain, we will leave (for nicaragua), but our refugeees will stay, as refugees," he added.    the chief of staff of the</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(448, 450, ' uno', 9.404394149780273), (448, 463, ' uno followers and to prevent approximately 300,000 nicaraguans from', 6.81173849105835), (448, 461, ' uno followers and to prevent approximately 300,000 nicaragu', 6.72268009185791)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>contra commander israel galeano, alias franklin, has told tiempo that the anti-sandinist rebels will stay armed, regardless of the results of the 25 february elections in nicaragua, to make sure the democratic changes take place.    "we will maintain our organization intact even if the uno (national opposition union) wins, waiting for profound democratic changes and an end to the repressive regime imposed by the sandinists," said the chief of staff of the nicaraguan resistance (rn).    this past january, the 29-year-old galeano became the leader of about 12,000 nicaraguan rightist rebels based in honduras when the post of commander in chief of the rn army, a post enrique bermudez had held for 10 years, was eliminated.    nicaragua will hold elections on sunday, 25 february, and the main candidates running for president are daniel ortega of the sandinist national liberation front (fsln) and violeta de chamorro of the uno.    the rebels, supported by the united states, have urged nicaraguans to vote for the uno candidate.    "if the uno wins, we will maintain our organization intact to see if on 25 april there is a total transfer of power and profound reforms, and particularly to see if the repressive system disappears," galeano said.    "if the sandinists win or steal the elections, there will be a social disruption against the system and the hardest struggle of recent years will take place," he added.    the contra military chief said that "if the people do not accept a sandinist victory, "we will have to continue fighting."    he assured that the nicaraguans will not accept an fsln victory in the 25 february elections.    galeano added that the sandinists have deployed approximately 30,000 troops in the northern nicaraguan departments in order to "intimidate and murder" uno followers and to prevent approximately 300,000 nicaraguans from voting.    galeano pointed out that the press and the foreign observers of the elections have no access to the areas where the nicaraguan troops have deployed.    "even though the foreign observers claim that the campaign was freely held, the people have had to make sacrifices," he said.    galeano said that about 5,000 of his men are inside nicaragua, and between 10,000 to 12,000 men are in bases in honduras, "not moving, but just observing the electoral process" in nicaragua.    the rebels in honduras are receiving u.s. humanitarian aid in el paraiso department and have rejected a demobilization plan approved by the central american presidents.  the rebels claim they do not have any guarantees for their personal security and for the implementation of a democratic process.    "the demobilization is based on the nicaraguan government creating conditions that will encourage the members of the armed rn to join civic life," he added.    galeano said that the dismantling of his forces does not "depend of a simple elections," but rather on "the sandinists leaving power completely."    the contra leader warned that "we cannot lay down our weapons when the causes that led to our taking up arms have not disappeared.  there still is repression, a lack of freedom, and all of this was generated by the sandinists."    he pointed out that in the event the uno should win the 25 february elections, "we would have to carry out a mutual demobilization.  the nicaraguan problem can be solved with an inter-american peace force that will receive all the weaponry and soviet tanks of the sandinists. then, when we are at an even level of forces, we will turn over our own weapons."    the contra chief suggested a national police be created in nicaragua.    franklin said that the contras are willing to continue the peace talks, but perhaps after the elections, with the new nicaraguan government.    he assured that the rebel forces will not carry out "any offensive operations before, during, or after the elections, and will wait and see if there are changes in nicaragua."    he said that the contras are willing to leave their camps in yamales if requested by the government of rafael leonardo callejas.    "if political conditions do not allow us to remain, we will leave (for nicaragua), but our refugeees will stay, as refugees," he added.    the chief of staff of the</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(448, 450, ' uno', 2.521143913269043), (448, 461, ' uno followers and to prevent approximately 300,000 nicaragu', 0.8367700576782227), (448, 463, ' uno followers and to prevent approximately 300,000 nicaraguans from', 0.6143360137939453)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>contra commander israel galeano, alias franklin, has told tiempo that the anti-sandinist rebels will stay armed, regardless of the results of the 25 february elections in nicaragua, to make sure the democratic changes take place.    "we will maintain our organization intact even if the uno (national opposition union) wins, waiting for profound democratic changes and an end to the repressive regime imposed by the sandinists," said the chief of staff of the nicaraguan resistance (rn).    this past january, the 29-year-old galeano became the leader of about 12,000 nicaraguan rightist rebels based in honduras when the post of commander in chief of the rn army, a post enrique bermudez had held for 10 years, was eliminated.    nicaragua will hold elections on sunday, 25 february, and the main candidates running for president are daniel ortega of the sandinist national liberation front (fsln) and violeta de chamorro of the uno.    the rebels, supported by the united states, have urged nicaraguans to vote for the uno candidate.    "if the uno wins, we will maintain our organization intact to see if on 25 april there is a total transfer of power and profound reforms, and particularly to see if the repressive system disappears," galeano said.    "if the sandinists win or steal the elections, there will be a social disruption against the system and the hardest struggle of recent years will take place," he added.    the contra military chief said that "if the people do not accept a sandinist victory, "we will have to continue fighting."    he assured that the nicaraguans will not accept an fsln victory in the 25 february elections.    galeano added that the sandinists have deployed approximately 30,000 troops in the northern nicaraguan departments in order to "intimidate and murder" uno followers and to prevent approximately 300,000 nicaraguans from voting.    galeano pointed out that the press and the foreign observers of the elections have no access to the areas where the nicaraguan troops have deployed.    "even though the foreign observers claim that the campaign was freely held, the people have had to make sacrifices," he said.    galeano said that about 5,000 of his men are inside nicaragua, and between 10,000 to 12,000 men are in bases in honduras, "not moving, but just observing the electoral process" in nicaragua.    the rebels in honduras are receiving u.s. humanitarian aid in el paraiso department and have rejected a demobilization plan approved by the central american presidents.  the rebels claim they do not have any guarantees for their personal security and for the implementation of a democratic process.    "the demobilization is based on the nicaraguan government creating conditions that will encourage the members of the armed rn to join civic life," he added.    galeano said that the dismantling of his forces does not "depend of a simple elections," but rather on "the sandinists leaving power completely."    the contra leader warned that "we cannot lay down our weapons when the causes that led to our taking up arms have not disappeared.  there still is repression, a lack of freedom, and all of this was generated by the sandinists."    he pointed out that in the event the uno should win the 25 february elections, "we would have to carry out a mutual demobilization.  the nicaraguan problem can be solved with an inter-american peace force that will receive all the weaponry and soviet tanks of the sandinists. then, when we are at an even level of forces, we will turn over our own weapons."    the contra chief suggested a national police be created in nicaragua.    franklin said that the contras are willing to continue the peace talks, but perhaps after the elections, with the new nicaraguan government.    he assured that the rebel forces will not carry out "any offensive operations before, during, or after the elections, and will wait and see if there are changes in nicaragua."    he said that the contras are willing to leave their camps in yamales if requested by the government of rafael leonardo callejas.    "if political conditions do not allow us to remain, we will leave (for nicaragua), but our refugeees will stay, as refugees," he added.    the chief of staff of the</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(830, 832, ' sandin', 7.71434211730957), (830, 833, ' sandinists', 4.173743724822998), (830, 852, ' sandinists. then, when we are at an even level of forces, we will turn over our own', 1.5144810676574707)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>calm appears to be returning to the country following the death of one noncommissioned officer and six soldiers on 23 february as a result of guerrilla attacks in five antioquia department municipalities, the kidnapping of a mayor, a government official, and a candidate in cauca department, and the death of a guerrilla in guaviare.    the guerrilla actions began on the evening of 22 february when a large column of the popular liberation army (eln) entered turbo municipality, northeast of antioquia department, and sabotaged the power system leaving the entire area without electricity.  national army spokesmen said that one noncommissioned officer and six soldiers were killed, four were wounded, and 15 others were kidnapped during the attacks against military bases and police installations in segovia by the 4th front of the farc (revolutionary armed forces of colombia).    meanwhile in bogota, military forces commander nelson mejia henao denied that colombia is in guerrilla hands and reaffirmed the troops' unyielding determination to defend national order and democracy.  the highest-ranking officer, who expressed regret over the deaths of the soldiers in segovia, antioquia department, said that this type of incident is normal within the framework of the war that the government is waging against armed subversion.    last night, president virgilio barco vargas, after the closing ceremony of the 25th agrarian congress of the (fac) (expansion unknown), said that the guerrillas are desperate and this is reflected in their actions.  nevertheless, the armed forces will continue to fight subversion anywhere in the country, he added.  the president expressed his satisfaction at the release of santander department senator jorge serrano gonzalez, whom he described as one of the most important people that colombian democracy has at this moment.  he added finally: i hope that is he already at home with his family.</s>", 'start_gold': 151, 'end_gold': 164, 'gold': ' killed, four were wounded, and 15 others were kidnapped during the', 'candidates': [(52, 64, ' the kidnapping of a mayor, a government official, and a', -0.09122062474489212), (52, 69, ' the kidnapping of a mayor, a government official, and a candidate in cauca', -0.695650577545166), (52, 80, ' the kidnapping of a mayor, a government official, and a candidate in cauca department, and the death of a guerrilla in guavi', -2.9061007499694824)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>calm appears to be returning to the country following the death of one noncommissioned officer and six soldiers on 23 february as a result of guerrilla attacks in five antioquia department municipalities, the kidnapping of a mayor, a government official, and a candidate in cauca department, and the death of a guerrilla in guaviare.    the guerrilla actions began on the evening of 22 february when a large column of the popular liberation army (eln) entered turbo municipality, northeast of antioquia department, and sabotaged the power system leaving the entire area without electricity.  national army spokesmen said that one noncommissioned officer and six soldiers were killed, four were wounded, and 15 others were kidnapped during the attacks against military bases and police installations in segovia by the 4th front of the farc (revolutionary armed forces of colombia).    meanwhile in bogota, military forces commander nelson mejia henao denied that colombia is in guerrilla hands and reaffirmed the troops' unyielding determination to defend national order and democracy.  the highest-ranking officer, who expressed regret over the deaths of the soldiers in segovia, antioquia department, said that this type of incident is normal within the framework of the war that the government is waging against armed subversion.    last night, president virgilio barco vargas, after the closing ceremony of the 25th agrarian congress of the (fac) (expansion unknown), said that the guerrillas are desperate and this is reflected in their actions.  nevertheless, the armed forces will continue to fight subversion anywhere in the country, he added.  the president expressed his satisfaction at the release of santander department senator jorge serrano gonzalez, whom he described as one of the most important people that colombian democracy has at this moment.  he added finally: i hope that is he already at home with his family.</s>", 'start_gold': 431, 'end_gold': 445, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(331, 333, ' guerr', 2.3665268421173096), (331, 355, ' guerrillas are desperate and this is reflected in their actions.  nevertheless, the armed forces will continue to fight sub', -1.3921641111373901), (331, 335, ' guerrillas are', -2.596137523651123)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>calm appears to be returning to the country following the death of one noncommissioned officer and six soldiers on 23 february as a result of guerrilla attacks in five antioquia department municipalities, the kidnapping of a mayor, a government official, and a candidate in cauca department, and the death of a guerrilla in guaviare.    the guerrilla actions began on the evening of 22 february when a large column of the popular liberation army (eln) entered turbo municipality, northeast of antioquia department, and sabotaged the power system leaving the entire area without electricity.  national army spokesmen said that one noncommissioned officer and six soldiers were killed, four were wounded, and 15 others were kidnapped during the attacks against military bases and police installations in segovia by the 4th front of the farc (revolutionary armed forces of colombia).    meanwhile in bogota, military forces commander nelson mejia henao denied that colombia is in guerrilla hands and reaffirmed the troops' unyielding determination to defend national order and democracy.  the highest-ranking officer, who expressed regret over the deaths of the soldiers in segovia, antioquia department, said that this type of incident is normal within the framework of the war that the government is waging against armed subversion.    last night, president virgilio barco vargas, after the closing ceremony of the 25th agrarian congress of the (fac) (expansion unknown), said that the guerrillas are desperate and this is reflected in their actions.  nevertheless, the armed forces will continue to fight subversion anywhere in the country, he added.  the president expressed his satisfaction at the release of santander department senator jorge serrano gonzalez, whom he described as one of the most important people that colombian democracy has at this moment.  he added finally: i hope that is he already at home with his family.</s>", 'start_gold': 541, 'end_gold': 553, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(43, 49, ' five antioquia department', 6.003001689910889), (43, 50, ' five antioquia department municipalities', 3.521374464035034), (43, 48, ' five antioquia', 2.381772041320801)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>calm appears to be returning to the country following the death of one noncommissioned officer and six soldiers on 23 february as a result of guerrilla attacks in five antioquia department municipalities, the kidnapping of a mayor, a government official, and a candidate in cauca department, and the death of a guerrilla in guaviare.    the guerrilla actions began on the evening of 22 february when a large column of the popular liberation army (eln) entered turbo municipality, northeast of antioquia department, and sabotaged the power system leaving the entire area without electricity.  national army spokesmen said that one noncommissioned officer and six soldiers were killed, four were wounded, and 15 others were kidnapped during the attacks against military bases and police installations in segovia by the 4th front of the farc (revolutionary armed forces of colombia).    meanwhile in bogota, military forces commander nelson mejia henao denied that colombia is in guerrilla hands and reaffirmed the troops' unyielding determination to defend national order and democracy.  the highest-ranking officer, who expressed regret over the deaths of the soldiers in segovia, antioquia department, said that this type of incident is normal within the framework of the war that the government is waging against armed subversion.    last night, president virgilio barco vargas, after the closing ceremony of the 25th agrarian congress of the (fac) (expansion unknown), said that the guerrillas are desperate and this is reflected in their actions.  nevertheless, the armed forces will continue to fight subversion anywhere in the country, he added.  the president expressed his satisfaction at the release of santander department senator jorge serrano gonzalez, whom he described as one of the most important people that colombian democracy has at this moment.  he added finally: i hope that is he already at home with his family.</s>", 'start_gold': 1748, 'end_gold': 1765, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(22, 30, ' one noncommissioned officer and six', 7.383140563964844), (22, 49, ' one noncommissioned officer and six soldiers on 23 february as a result of guerrilla attacks in five antioquia department', 4.072542190551758), (22, 50, ' one noncommissioned officer and six soldiers on 23 february as a result of guerrilla attacks in five antioquia department municipalities', 1.880733609199524)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>calm appears to be returning to the country following the death of one noncommissioned officer and six soldiers on 23 february as a result of guerrilla attacks in five antioquia department municipalities, the kidnapping of a mayor, a government official, and a candidate in cauca department, and the death of a guerrilla in guaviare.    the guerrilla actions began on the evening of 22 february when a large column of the popular liberation army (eln) entered turbo municipality, northeast of antioquia department, and sabotaged the power system leaving the entire area without electricity.  national army spokesmen said that one noncommissioned officer and six soldiers were killed, four were wounded, and 15 others were kidnapped during the attacks against military bases and police installations in segovia by the 4th front of the farc (revolutionary armed forces of colombia).    meanwhile in bogota, military forces commander nelson mejia henao denied that colombia is in guerrilla hands and reaffirmed the troops' unyielding determination to defend national order and democracy.  the highest-ranking officer, who expressed regret over the deaths of the soldiers in segovia, antioquia department, said that this type of incident is normal within the framework of the war that the government is waging against armed subversion.    last night, president virgilio barco vargas, after the closing ceremony of the 25th agrarian congress of the (fac) (expansion unknown), said that the guerrillas are desperate and this is reflected in their actions.  nevertheless, the armed forces will continue to fight subversion anywhere in the country, he added.  the president expressed his satisfaction at the release of santander department senator jorge serrano gonzalez, whom he described as one of the most important people that colombian democracy has at this moment.  he added finally: i hope that is he already at home with his family.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(165, 191, ' military bases and police installations in segovia by the 4th front of the farc (revolutionary armed forces of colomb', 6.0644965171813965), (165, 169, ' military bases and police', 5.768017768859863), (165, 166, ' military', 5.13713264465332)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the salvadoran government maintains its stance regarding the dialogue process and its resumption.  we believe it constitutes the most expedient way to achieve peace in the country, and we are going to continue along that path.    (moderator) aida montalvo.    (montalvo) in regard to the renegotiation of the foreign debt, when are you planning to go to mexico, and how will the salvadoran debt with that country be renegotiated?    (cristiani) the timetable for the trip is still undecided.  there is not definite date.  i think it may take place in april or may of this year.  our first scheduled visit will be to venezuela.    (moderator) carlos mario marquez of agence france presse.    (marquez) (words indistinct) social aspects.  i would like to know what the status is of that, since some support having primary meetings and then a summit, so to speak?    (cristiani) i do not think that is the cause of that problem.  we said that the resumption of the talks must take place when the fmln enters the dialogue process with a serious attitude.  we maintain our stance that they must stop all violence that is directly and indirectly affecting civilians, that is, all the terrorist activities the fmln conducts.  this is a small request that obtained the support of all the central american presidents at the san isidro coronado meeting in costa rica.    i think that this is the cause of the problem.  they have asked for changes in format, and we said we had no problem with most of the requests we have received.  we are now waiting for the fmln, since they asked for time to analyze things a little before having the meeting.  we are awaiting the visit of mr. de soto in early march. obviously, the dialogue has not taken place because there are some differences, (words indistinct).  i think the chief difference is that the fmln does not want to agree to stop terrorist actions, and that is why there is no dialogue now.    (moderator) epigmenio ibarra.    (ibarra) mr. president, yesterday in nicaragua, daniel ortega said at a rally that he will wage a constructive opposition.  he said that the revolution did not die with the elections.  he said that the sandinist national liberation front (fsln) will rule from below.  we sense a pretty complex climate for the transition in nicaragua.  what do you think about daniel ortega's statements?  how do you view the possibility that there may be a true transition from power to power instead of a transition of government in nicaragua?    (cristiani) as i have said before, statements by ortega and other representatives of the sandinist front are a source of concern.  they could indicate that the elections may have been very free and honest, but also a farce as far as improving the democratic process is concerned.  the nicaraguan people would be denied the right to freely pick their rulers and the right of these rulers to act as they deem best.  i would say that the nicaraguan revolution belongs not just to the fsln.  the fsln was one of the participants in the revolution in nicaragua against anastasio somoza.  the fact is that a consensus existed among all sectors that supported that revolution.  the fsln has no monopoly on or exclusive control over that revolution.    i believe that in ideological terms there are differences between the views of ms. chamorro and uno (national opposition union), that is, the new government-elect, and the views of the fsln.  yet, the people picked the government.  it is worrisome to hear some statements that the fsln will rule from below.  we believe they would seek to do that by keeping control over the army.  let me repeat: there is nothing democratic about a political party controlling the army.  the army must respond to the government and the country's democratic process, and not to just one political party.  we believe things have not been settled yet.  we believe that there are still many things left pending.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(634, 645, ' ortega and other representatives of the sandinist', 5.1049957275390625), (634, 639, ' ortega and other', 2.3857810497283936), (634, 650, ' ortega and other representatives of the sandinist front are a source of', 0.7581449747085571)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the salvadoran government maintains its stance regarding the dialogue process and its resumption.  we believe it constitutes the most expedient way to achieve peace in the country, and we are going to continue along that path.    (moderator) aida montalvo.    (montalvo) in regard to the renegotiation of the foreign debt, when are you planning to go to mexico, and how will the salvadoran debt with that country be renegotiated?    (cristiani) the timetable for the trip is still undecided.  there is not definite date.  i think it may take place in april or may of this year.  our first scheduled visit will be to venezuela.    (moderator) carlos mario marquez of agence france presse.    (marquez) (words indistinct) social aspects.  i would like to know what the status is of that, since some support having primary meetings and then a summit, so to speak?    (cristiani) i do not think that is the cause of that problem.  we said that the resumption of the talks must take place when the fmln enters the dialogue process with a serious attitude.  we maintain our stance that they must stop all violence that is directly and indirectly affecting civilians, that is, all the terrorist activities the fmln conducts.  this is a small request that obtained the support of all the central american presidents at the san isidro coronado meeting in costa rica.    i think that this is the cause of the problem.  they have asked for changes in format, and we said we had no problem with most of the requests we have received.  we are now waiting for the fmln, since they asked for time to analyze things a little before having the meeting.  we are awaiting the visit of mr. de soto in early march. obviously, the dialogue has not taken place because there are some differences, (words indistinct).  i think the chief difference is that the fmln does not want to agree to stop terrorist actions, and that is why there is no dialogue now.    (moderator) epigmenio ibarra.    (ibarra) mr. president, yesterday in nicaragua, daniel ortega said at a rally that he will wage a constructive opposition.  he said that the revolution did not die with the elections.  he said that the sandinist national liberation front (fsln) will rule from below.  we sense a pretty complex climate for the transition in nicaragua.  what do you think about daniel ortega's statements?  how do you view the possibility that there may be a true transition from power to power instead of a transition of government in nicaragua?    (cristiani) as i have said before, statements by ortega and other representatives of the sandinist front are a source of concern.  they could indicate that the elections may have been very free and honest, but also a farce as far as improving the democratic process is concerned.  the nicaraguan people would be denied the right to freely pick their rulers and the right of these rulers to act as they deem best.  i would say that the nicaraguan revolution belongs not just to the fsln.  the fsln was one of the participants in the revolution in nicaragua against anastasio somoza.  the fact is that a consensus existed among all sectors that supported that revolution.  the fsln has no monopoly on or exclusive control over that revolution.    i believe that in ideological terms there are differences between the views of ms. chamorro and uno (national opposition union), that is, the new government-elect, and the views of the fsln.  yet, the people picked the government.  it is worrisome to hear some statements that the fsln will rule from below.  we believe they would seek to do that by keeping control over the army.  let me repeat: there is nothing democratic about a political party controlling the army.  the army must respond to the government and the country's democratic process, and not to just one political party.  we believe things have not been settled yet.  we believe that there are still many things left pending.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(634, 645, ' ortega and other representatives of the sandinist', 3.234222888946533), (634, 639, ' ortega and other', 0.31410300731658936), (634, 636, ' orte', -0.04561901092529297)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the salvadoran government maintains its stance regarding the dialogue process and its resumption.  we believe it constitutes the most expedient way to achieve peace in the country, and we are going to continue along that path.    (moderator) aida montalvo.    (montalvo) in regard to the renegotiation of the foreign debt, when are you planning to go to mexico, and how will the salvadoran debt with that country be renegotiated?    (cristiani) the timetable for the trip is still undecided.  there is not definite date.  i think it may take place in april or may of this year.  our first scheduled visit will be to venezuela.    (moderator) carlos mario marquez of agence france presse.    (marquez) (words indistinct) social aspects.  i would like to know what the status is of that, since some support having primary meetings and then a summit, so to speak?    (cristiani) i do not think that is the cause of that problem.  we said that the resumption of the talks must take place when the fmln enters the dialogue process with a serious attitude.  we maintain our stance that they must stop all violence that is directly and indirectly affecting civilians, that is, all the terrorist activities the fmln conducts.  this is a small request that obtained the support of all the central american presidents at the san isidro coronado meeting in costa rica.    i think that this is the cause of the problem.  they have asked for changes in format, and we said we had no problem with most of the requests we have received.  we are now waiting for the fmln, since they asked for time to analyze things a little before having the meeting.  we are awaiting the visit of mr. de soto in early march. obviously, the dialogue has not taken place because there are some differences, (words indistinct).  i think the chief difference is that the fmln does not want to agree to stop terrorist actions, and that is why there is no dialogue now.    (moderator) epigmenio ibarra.    (ibarra) mr. president, yesterday in nicaragua, daniel ortega said at a rally that he will wage a constructive opposition.  he said that the revolution did not die with the elections.  he said that the sandinist national liberation front (fsln) will rule from below.  we sense a pretty complex climate for the transition in nicaragua.  what do you think about daniel ortega's statements?  how do you view the possibility that there may be a true transition from power to power instead of a transition of government in nicaragua?    (cristiani) as i have said before, statements by ortega and other representatives of the sandinist front are a source of concern.  they could indicate that the elections may have been very free and honest, but also a farce as far as improving the democratic process is concerned.  the nicaraguan people would be denied the right to freely pick their rulers and the right of these rulers to act as they deem best.  i would say that the nicaraguan revolution belongs not just to the fsln.  the fsln was one of the participants in the revolution in nicaragua against anastasio somoza.  the fact is that a consensus existed among all sectors that supported that revolution.  the fsln has no monopoly on or exclusive control over that revolution.    i believe that in ideological terms there are differences between the views of ms. chamorro and uno (national opposition union), that is, the new government-elect, and the views of the fsln.  yet, the people picked the government.  it is worrisome to hear some statements that the fsln will rule from below.  we believe they would seek to do that by keeping control over the army.  let me repeat: there is nothing democratic about a political party controlling the army.  the army must respond to the government and the country's democratic process, and not to just one political party.  we believe things have not been settled yet.  we believe that there are still many things left pending.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(633, 644, ' ortega and other representatives of the sandinist', -0.13806739449501038), (633, 638, ' ortega and other', -2.592341899871826), (633, 649, ' ortega and other representatives of the sandinist front are a source of', -2.795262336730957)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the salvadoran government maintains its stance regarding the dialogue process and its resumption.  we believe it constitutes the most expedient way to achieve peace in the country, and we are going to continue along that path.    (moderator) aida montalvo.    (montalvo) in regard to the renegotiation of the foreign debt, when are you planning to go to mexico, and how will the salvadoran debt with that country be renegotiated?    (cristiani) the timetable for the trip is still undecided.  there is not definite date.  i think it may take place in april or may of this year.  our first scheduled visit will be to venezuela.    (moderator) carlos mario marquez of agence france presse.    (marquez) (words indistinct) social aspects.  i would like to know what the status is of that, since some support having primary meetings and then a summit, so to speak?    (cristiani) i do not think that is the cause of that problem.  we said that the resumption of the talks must take place when the fmln enters the dialogue process with a serious attitude.  we maintain our stance that they must stop all violence that is directly and indirectly affecting civilians, that is, all the terrorist activities the fmln conducts.  this is a small request that obtained the support of all the central american presidents at the san isidro coronado meeting in costa rica.    i think that this is the cause of the problem.  they have asked for changes in format, and we said we had no problem with most of the requests we have received.  we are now waiting for the fmln, since they asked for time to analyze things a little before having the meeting.  we are awaiting the visit of mr. de soto in early march. obviously, the dialogue has not taken place because there are some differences, (words indistinct).  i think the chief difference is that the fmln does not want to agree to stop terrorist actions, and that is why there is no dialogue now.    (moderator) epigmenio ibarra.    (ibarra) mr. president, yesterday in nicaragua, daniel ortega said at a rally that he will wage a constructive opposition.  he said that the revolution did not die with the elections.  he said that the sandinist national liberation front (fsln) will rule from below.  we sense a pretty complex climate for the transition in nicaragua.  what do you think about daniel ortega's statements?  how do you view the possibility that there may be a true transition from power to power instead of a transition of government in nicaragua?    (cristiani) as i have said before, statements by ortega and other representatives of the sandinist front are a source of concern.  they could indicate that the elections may have been very free and honest, but also a farce as far as improving the democratic process is concerned.  the nicaraguan people would be denied the right to freely pick their rulers and the right of these rulers to act as they deem best.  i would say that the nicaraguan revolution belongs not just to the fsln.  the fsln was one of the participants in the revolution in nicaragua against anastasio somoza.  the fact is that a consensus existed among all sectors that supported that revolution.  the fsln has no monopoly on or exclusive control over that revolution.    i believe that in ideological terms there are differences between the views of ms. chamorro and uno (national opposition union), that is, the new government-elect, and the views of the fsln.  yet, the people picked the government.  it is worrisome to hear some statements that the fsln will rule from below.  we believe they would seek to do that by keeping control over the army.  let me repeat: there is nothing democratic about a political party controlling the army.  the army must respond to the government and the country's democratic process, and not to just one political party.  we believe things have not been settled yet.  we believe that there are still many things left pending.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(633, 644, ' ortega and other representatives of the sandinist', -1.4521801471710205), (633, 649, ' ortega and other representatives of the sandinist front are a source of', -3.169072389602661), (633, 638, ' ortega and other', -4.073123931884766)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the salvadoran government maintains its stance regarding the dialogue process and its resumption.  we believe it constitutes the most expedient way to achieve peace in the country, and we are going to continue along that path.    (moderator) aida montalvo.    (montalvo) in regard to the renegotiation of the foreign debt, when are you planning to go to mexico, and how will the salvadoran debt with that country be renegotiated?    (cristiani) the timetable for the trip is still undecided.  there is not definite date.  i think it may take place in april or may of this year.  our first scheduled visit will be to venezuela.    (moderator) carlos mario marquez of agence france presse.    (marquez) (words indistinct) social aspects.  i would like to know what the status is of that, since some support having primary meetings and then a summit, so to speak?    (cristiani) i do not think that is the cause of that problem.  we said that the resumption of the talks must take place when the fmln enters the dialogue process with a serious attitude.  we maintain our stance that they must stop all violence that is directly and indirectly affecting civilians, that is, all the terrorist activities the fmln conducts.  this is a small request that obtained the support of all the central american presidents at the san isidro coronado meeting in costa rica.    i think that this is the cause of the problem.  they have asked for changes in format, and we said we had no problem with most of the requests we have received.  we are now waiting for the fmln, since they asked for time to analyze things a little before having the meeting.  we are awaiting the visit of mr. de soto in early march. obviously, the dialogue has not taken place because there are some differences, (words indistinct).  i think the chief difference is that the fmln does not want to agree to stop terrorist actions, and that is why there is no dialogue now.    (moderator) epigmenio ibarra.    (ibarra) mr. president, yesterday in nicaragua, daniel ortega said at a rally that he will wage a constructive opposition.  he said that the revolution did not die with the elections.  he said that the sandinist national liberation front (fsln) will rule from below.  we sense a pretty complex climate for the transition in nicaragua.  what do you think about daniel ortega's statements?  how do you view the possibility that there may be a true transition from power to power instead of a transition of government in nicaragua?    (cristiani) as i have said before, statements by ortega and other representatives of the sandinist front are a source of concern.  they could indicate that the elections may have been very free and honest, but also a farce as far as improving the democratic process is concerned.  the nicaraguan people would be denied the right to freely pick their rulers and the right of these rulers to act as they deem best.  i would say that the nicaraguan revolution belongs not just to the fsln.  the fsln was one of the participants in the revolution in nicaragua against anastasio somoza.  the fact is that a consensus existed among all sectors that supported that revolution.  the fsln has no monopoly on or exclusive control over that revolution.    i believe that in ideological terms there are differences between the views of ms. chamorro and uno (national opposition union), that is, the new government-elect, and the views of the fsln.  yet, the people picked the government.  it is worrisome to hear some statements that the fsln will rule from below.  we believe they would seek to do that by keeping control over the army.  let me repeat: there is nothing democratic about a political party controlling the army.  the army must respond to the government and the country's democratic process, and not to just one political party.  we believe things have not been settled yet.  we believe that there are still many things left pending.  (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(633, 644, ' ortega and other representatives of the sandinist', 0.8368281126022339), (633, 638, ' ortega and other', -1.8080308437347412), (633, 649, ' ortega and other representatives of the sandinist front are a source of', -2.633812189102173)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the embassy communique points out that the united states did not submit either one of the two human rights resolutions on guatemala that are currently under discussion in geneva.  according to the observers, this clarification came in reply to statements made by cerezo that the u.s. position in this regard differs from that of most countries within the international community:    (begin recording) (cerezo) all these actions (words indistinct) the united states pointing the finger to human rights issues are aimed at (word indistinct) in geneva, because i have the impression that what it wants at this time is to have guatemala condemned and to a certain extent tarnish our international image, because the success of the esquipulas ii plan gave guatemala, as an autonomous and independent country, a lot of room for action.    that is what it wants to do, because it is not good for large countries to see countries like guatemala, with a certain degree of autonomy and independence, achieve historic successes by showing that our country is right in discussions with certain u.s. groups.  they now want (words indistinct).  my personal opinion is that they now sort of want to get back at us for the esquipulas ii plan.  (end recording)    in reply to these statements by president cerezo, the u.s. embassy pointed out in its communique of 6 march that the u.s. government had supported the esquipulas ii peace process from the very beginning.  it added that ever since the signing of the esquipulas accord, guatemala has received $600 million in u.s. aid.  this shows, according to the embassy, that u.s. support for guatemalan democracy continued to be strong after the signing of the esquipulas ii document.    in any case, from president cerezo's perspective the u.s.  attitude in this situation reflects the traditional inclination of that country's governments throughout history to dictate rules to other nations regarding what they should do.  cerezo compared guatemala's situation in matters of criminal investigation to the situation in several u.s. cities where the police are unable to control crime.  as an example, he cited washington, d.c., where assaults, murders, and crimes frequently related to drug consumption have reached very astonishing levels in the past few years.    as for the departure of ambassador strook, cerezo said that the diplomat has not been withdrawn from guatemala, but returned to the united states for consultations by order of the state department.  in statements made minutes after receiving the credentials of the new frg ambassador, however, cerezo said that his return was, to a certain extent, due to a decision we made.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(103, 104, ' united', 0.8582819104194641), (103, 122, ' united states pointing the finger to human rights issues are aimed at (word indistinct) in gene', -1.9056339263916016), (103, 111, ' united states pointing the finger to human rights', -1.9924201965332031)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the embassy communique points out that the united states did not submit either one of the two human rights resolutions on guatemala that are currently under discussion in geneva.  according to the observers, this clarification came in reply to statements made by cerezo that the u.s. position in this regard differs from that of most countries within the international community:    (begin recording) (cerezo) all these actions (words indistinct) the united states pointing the finger to human rights issues are aimed at (word indistinct) in geneva, because i have the impression that what it wants at this time is to have guatemala condemned and to a certain extent tarnish our international image, because the success of the esquipulas ii plan gave guatemala, as an autonomous and independent country, a lot of room for action.    that is what it wants to do, because it is not good for large countries to see countries like guatemala, with a certain degree of autonomy and independence, achieve historic successes by showing that our country is right in discussions with certain u.s. groups.  they now want (words indistinct).  my personal opinion is that they now sort of want to get back at us for the esquipulas ii plan.  (end recording)    in reply to these statements by president cerezo, the u.s. embassy pointed out in its communique of 6 march that the u.s. government had supported the esquipulas ii peace process from the very beginning.  it added that ever since the signing of the esquipulas accord, guatemala has received $600 million in u.s. aid.  this shows, according to the embassy, that u.s. support for guatemalan democracy continued to be strong after the signing of the esquipulas ii document.    in any case, from president cerezo's perspective the u.s.  attitude in this situation reflects the traditional inclination of that country's governments throughout history to dictate rules to other nations regarding what they should do.  cerezo compared guatemala's situation in matters of criminal investigation to the situation in several u.s. cities where the police are unable to control crime.  as an example, he cited washington, d.c., where assaults, murders, and crimes frequently related to drug consumption have reached very astonishing levels in the past few years.    as for the departure of ambassador strook, cerezo said that the diplomat has not been withdrawn from guatemala, but returned to the united states for consultations by order of the state department.  in statements made minutes after receiving the credentials of the new frg ambassador, however, cerezo said that his return was, to a certain extent, due to a decision we made.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(103, 104, ' united', 1.8110581636428833), (103, 111, ' united states pointing the finger to human rights', -0.6220438480377197), (103, 122, ' united states pointing the finger to human rights issues are aimed at (word indistinct) in gene', -0.8456377983093262)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the embassy communique points out that the united states did not submit either one of the two human rights resolutions on guatemala that are currently under discussion in geneva.  according to the observers, this clarification came in reply to statements made by cerezo that the u.s. position in this regard differs from that of most countries within the international community:    (begin recording) (cerezo) all these actions (words indistinct) the united states pointing the finger to human rights issues are aimed at (word indistinct) in geneva, because i have the impression that what it wants at this time is to have guatemala condemned and to a certain extent tarnish our international image, because the success of the esquipulas ii plan gave guatemala, as an autonomous and independent country, a lot of room for action.    that is what it wants to do, because it is not good for large countries to see countries like guatemala, with a certain degree of autonomy and independence, achieve historic successes by showing that our country is right in discussions with certain u.s. groups.  they now want (words indistinct).  my personal opinion is that they now sort of want to get back at us for the esquipulas ii plan.  (end recording)    in reply to these statements by president cerezo, the u.s. embassy pointed out in its communique of 6 march that the u.s. government had supported the esquipulas ii peace process from the very beginning.  it added that ever since the signing of the esquipulas accord, guatemala has received $600 million in u.s. aid.  this shows, according to the embassy, that u.s. support for guatemalan democracy continued to be strong after the signing of the esquipulas ii document.    in any case, from president cerezo's perspective the u.s.  attitude in this situation reflects the traditional inclination of that country's governments throughout history to dictate rules to other nations regarding what they should do.  cerezo compared guatemala's situation in matters of criminal investigation to the situation in several u.s. cities where the police are unable to control crime.  as an example, he cited washington, d.c., where assaults, murders, and crimes frequently related to drug consumption have reached very astonishing levels in the past few years.    as for the departure of ambassador strook, cerezo said that the diplomat has not been withdrawn from guatemala, but returned to the united states for consultations by order of the state department.  in statements made minutes after receiving the credentials of the new frg ambassador, however, cerezo said that his return was, to a certain extent, due to a decision we made.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(101, 103, ' the united', 6.549454689025879), (101, 110, ' the united states pointing the finger to human rights', 6.1755452156066895), (101, 121, ' the united states pointing the finger to human rights issues are aimed at (word indistinct) in gene', 5.446218490600586)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the embassy communique points out that the united states did not submit either one of the two human rights resolutions on guatemala that are currently under discussion in geneva.  according to the observers, this clarification came in reply to statements made by cerezo that the u.s. position in this regard differs from that of most countries within the international community:    (begin recording) (cerezo) all these actions (words indistinct) the united states pointing the finger to human rights issues are aimed at (word indistinct) in geneva, because i have the impression that what it wants at this time is to have guatemala condemned and to a certain extent tarnish our international image, because the success of the esquipulas ii plan gave guatemala, as an autonomous and independent country, a lot of room for action.    that is what it wants to do, because it is not good for large countries to see countries like guatemala, with a certain degree of autonomy and independence, achieve historic successes by showing that our country is right in discussions with certain u.s. groups.  they now want (words indistinct).  my personal opinion is that they now sort of want to get back at us for the esquipulas ii plan.  (end recording)    in reply to these statements by president cerezo, the u.s. embassy pointed out in its communique of 6 march that the u.s. government had supported the esquipulas ii peace process from the very beginning.  it added that ever since the signing of the esquipulas accord, guatemala has received $600 million in u.s. aid.  this shows, according to the embassy, that u.s. support for guatemalan democracy continued to be strong after the signing of the esquipulas ii document.    in any case, from president cerezo's perspective the u.s.  attitude in this situation reflects the traditional inclination of that country's governments throughout history to dictate rules to other nations regarding what they should do.  cerezo compared guatemala's situation in matters of criminal investigation to the situation in several u.s. cities where the police are unable to control crime.  as an example, he cited washington, d.c., where assaults, murders, and crimes frequently related to drug consumption have reached very astonishing levels in the past few years.    as for the departure of ambassador strook, cerezo said that the diplomat has not been withdrawn from guatemala, but returned to the united states for consultations by order of the state department.  in statements made minutes after receiving the credentials of the new frg ambassador, however, cerezo said that his return was, to a certain extent, due to a decision we made.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(102, 103, ' united', -1.9275907278060913), (102, 110, ' united states pointing the finger to human rights', -3.0459702014923096), (102, 121, ' united states pointing the finger to human rights issues are aimed at (word indistinct) in gene', -3.4427177906036377)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the embassy communique points out that the united states did not submit either one of the two human rights resolutions on guatemala that are currently under discussion in geneva.  according to the observers, this clarification came in reply to statements made by cerezo that the u.s. position in this regard differs from that of most countries within the international community:    (begin recording) (cerezo) all these actions (words indistinct) the united states pointing the finger to human rights issues are aimed at (word indistinct) in geneva, because i have the impression that what it wants at this time is to have guatemala condemned and to a certain extent tarnish our international image, because the success of the esquipulas ii plan gave guatemala, as an autonomous and independent country, a lot of room for action.    that is what it wants to do, because it is not good for large countries to see countries like guatemala, with a certain degree of autonomy and independence, achieve historic successes by showing that our country is right in discussions with certain u.s. groups.  they now want (words indistinct).  my personal opinion is that they now sort of want to get back at us for the esquipulas ii plan.  (end recording)    in reply to these statements by president cerezo, the u.s. embassy pointed out in its communique of 6 march that the u.s. government had supported the esquipulas ii peace process from the very beginning.  it added that ever since the signing of the esquipulas accord, guatemala has received $600 million in u.s. aid.  this shows, according to the embassy, that u.s. support for guatemalan democracy continued to be strong after the signing of the esquipulas ii document.    in any case, from president cerezo's perspective the u.s.  attitude in this situation reflects the traditional inclination of that country's governments throughout history to dictate rules to other nations regarding what they should do.  cerezo compared guatemala's situation in matters of criminal investigation to the situation in several u.s. cities where the police are unable to control crime.  as an example, he cited washington, d.c., where assaults, murders, and crimes frequently related to drug consumption have reached very astonishing levels in the past few years.    as for the departure of ambassador strook, cerezo said that the diplomat has not been withdrawn from guatemala, but returned to the united states for consultations by order of the state department.  in statements made minutes after receiving the credentials of the new frg ambassador, however, cerezo said that his return was, to a certain extent, due to a decision we made.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(102, 103, ' united', 0.819284200668335), (102, 121, ' united states pointing the finger to human rights issues are aimed at (word indistinct) in gene', -0.7912700772285461), (102, 110, ' united states pointing the finger to human rights', -0.8458283543586731)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>general gustavo leigh guzman, a former military regime government junta member and former commander in chief of the air force, and air force general enrique ruiz, retired, a partner in leigh's real estate office, were seriously injured during an attack this morning.    according to witnesses' reports, two 23 to 25-year-old individuals walked to gen. leigh's office, on the fourth floor of the building located at 95 luis talle ojeda street.  (passage omitted)    witnesses said they heard two bursts of gunfire: one burst of three shots lasting three seconds and another burst of seven to eight shots lasting longer.  gen. leigh's secretary, joanna santis retamal, came to a window to report the incident.    other reports said that the two individuals broke into the offices and entered gen. leigh's private office.  (passage omitted)    the individuals used 9 mm semiautomatic pistols.  according to the experts, gen. ruiz was hit three times and gen gustavo leigh was hit five times.  the bullets hit gen. leigh in his eye, nose, right arm, right leg, and stomach.    the two attackers then walked down the stairs and escaped toward providencia.  (passage omitted)    the government has expressed its strong condemnation of the attack on gen. gustavo leigh, the former commander in chief of the air force and member of the military regime's government junta.  on his way to the hospital on express orders of the president, interior minister enrique krauss rejected the attack:    (begin recording) (krauss) we have asked the police authorities to fully clarify this incident.  these attitudes and acts do not help in the effort required to reunite all chileans.  (end recording)    krauss said it was a regrettable incident because it hurt the spirit and purpose of the government and opposition's work.  the attack against leigh would make a good pathological study, the minister added.  (passage omitted)    the national coordinating board for political prisoners has said the attack on gustavo leigh does not reflect the current situation in the country.  communist party leader jorge martinez, movement of the revolutionary left (mir) leader carlos ruig, and manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) leader francisco escobar heard the news while holding a news conference at the prison house.    the fpmr's francisco escobar said he is sure his organization was not involved in the incident because, as he said, we are not going to achieve anything with it.  (passage omitted)    mir representative carlos ruig said that the mir would not carry out any armed action at this time, irrespective of the level of gen. leigh's involvement in past repressions.    communist leader jorge martinez said that he is committed to respecting the democratic transition.  he said that he does not believe that this type of action will contribute to the country's progress and stability.</s>", 'start_gold': 312, 'end_gold': 332, 'gold': " leigh, the former commander in chief of the air force and member of the military regime's government", 'candidates': [(76, 84, ' two 23 to 25-year-old', 7.702195167541504), (76, 83, ' two 23 to 25-year-', 7.334662437438965), (76, 92, " two 23 to 25-year-old individuals walked to gen. leigh's", 5.077459812164307)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>general gustavo leigh guzman, a former military regime government junta member and former commander in chief of the air force, and air force general enrique ruiz, retired, a partner in leigh's real estate office, were seriously injured during an attack this morning.    according to witnesses' reports, two 23 to 25-year-old individuals walked to gen. leigh's office, on the fourth floor of the building located at 95 luis talle ojeda street.  (passage omitted)    witnesses said they heard two bursts of gunfire: one burst of three shots lasting three seconds and another burst of seven to eight shots lasting longer.  gen. leigh's secretary, joanna santis retamal, came to a window to report the incident.    other reports said that the two individuals broke into the offices and entered gen. leigh's private office.  (passage omitted)    the individuals used 9 mm semiautomatic pistols.  according to the experts, gen. ruiz was hit three times and gen gustavo leigh was hit five times.  the bullets hit gen. leigh in his eye, nose, right arm, right leg, and stomach.    the two attackers then walked down the stairs and escaped toward providencia.  (passage omitted)    the government has expressed its strong condemnation of the attack on gen. gustavo leigh, the former commander in chief of the air force and member of the military regime's government junta.  on his way to the hospital on express orders of the president, interior minister enrique krauss rejected the attack:    (begin recording) (krauss) we have asked the police authorities to fully clarify this incident.  these attitudes and acts do not help in the effort required to reunite all chileans.  (end recording)    krauss said it was a regrettable incident because it hurt the spirit and purpose of the government and opposition's work.  the attack against leigh would make a good pathological study, the minister added.  (passage omitted)    the national coordinating board for political prisoners has said the attack on gustavo leigh does not reflect the current situation in the country.  communist party leader jorge martinez, movement of the revolutionary left (mir) leader carlos ruig, and manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) leader francisco escobar heard the news while holding a news conference at the prison house.    the fpmr's francisco escobar said he is sure his organization was not involved in the incident because, as he said, we are not going to achieve anything with it.  (passage omitted)    mir representative carlos ruig said that the mir would not carry out any armed action at this time, irrespective of the level of gen. leigh's involvement in past repressions.    communist leader jorge martinez said that he is committed to respecting the democratic transition.  he said that he does not believe that this type of action will contribute to the country's progress and stability.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(76, 84, ' two 23 to 25-year-old', 5.127717018127441), (76, 92, " two 23 to 25-year-old individuals walked to gen. leigh's", 2.2049560546875), (76, 83, ' two 23 to 25-year-', 1.162710189819336)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>general gustavo leigh guzman, a former military regime government junta member and former commander in chief of the air force, and air force general enrique ruiz, retired, a partner in leigh's real estate office, were seriously injured during an attack this morning.    according to witnesses' reports, two 23 to 25-year-old individuals walked to gen. leigh's office, on the fourth floor of the building located at 95 luis talle ojeda street.  (passage omitted)    witnesses said they heard two bursts of gunfire: one burst of three shots lasting three seconds and another burst of seven to eight shots lasting longer.  gen. leigh's secretary, joanna santis retamal, came to a window to report the incident.    other reports said that the two individuals broke into the offices and entered gen. leigh's private office.  (passage omitted)    the individuals used 9 mm semiautomatic pistols.  according to the experts, gen. ruiz was hit three times and gen gustavo leigh was hit five times.  the bullets hit gen. leigh in his eye, nose, right arm, right leg, and stomach.    the two attackers then walked down the stairs and escaped toward providencia.  (passage omitted)    the government has expressed its strong condemnation of the attack on gen. gustavo leigh, the former commander in chief of the air force and member of the military regime's government junta.  on his way to the hospital on express orders of the president, interior minister enrique krauss rejected the attack:    (begin recording) (krauss) we have asked the police authorities to fully clarify this incident.  these attitudes and acts do not help in the effort required to reunite all chileans.  (end recording)    krauss said it was a regrettable incident because it hurt the spirit and purpose of the government and opposition's work.  the attack against leigh would make a good pathological study, the minister added.  (passage omitted)    the national coordinating board for political prisoners has said the attack on gustavo leigh does not reflect the current situation in the country.  communist party leader jorge martinez, movement of the revolutionary left (mir) leader carlos ruig, and manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) leader francisco escobar heard the news while holding a news conference at the prison house.    the fpmr's francisco escobar said he is sure his organization was not involved in the incident because, as he said, we are not going to achieve anything with it.  (passage omitted)    mir representative carlos ruig said that the mir would not carry out any armed action at this time, irrespective of the level of gen. leigh's involvement in past repressions.    communist leader jorge martinez said that he is committed to respecting the democratic transition.  he said that he does not believe that this type of action will contribute to the country's progress and stability.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(9, 16, 'general gustavo leigh gu', 1.6367985010147095), (490, 510, ' communist party leader jorge martinez, movement of the revolutionary left (mir) leader carlos ru', 0.3476496934890747), (225, 252, ' gen. ruiz was hit three times and gen gustavo leigh was hit five times.  the bullets hit gen. le', 2.484900951385498)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>general gustavo leigh guzman, a former military regime government junta member and former commander in chief of the air force, and air force general enrique ruiz, retired, a partner in leigh's real estate office, were seriously injured during an attack this morning.    according to witnesses' reports, two 23 to 25-year-old individuals walked to gen. leigh's office, on the fourth floor of the building located at 95 luis talle ojeda street.  (passage omitted)    witnesses said they heard two bursts of gunfire: one burst of three shots lasting three seconds and another burst of seven to eight shots lasting longer.  gen. leigh's secretary, joanna santis retamal, came to a window to report the incident.    other reports said that the two individuals broke into the offices and entered gen. leigh's private office.  (passage omitted)    the individuals used 9 mm semiautomatic pistols.  according to the experts, gen. ruiz was hit three times and gen gustavo leigh was hit five times.  the bullets hit gen. leigh in his eye, nose, right arm, right leg, and stomach.    the two attackers then walked down the stairs and escaped toward providencia.  (passage omitted)    the government has expressed its strong condemnation of the attack on gen. gustavo leigh, the former commander in chief of the air force and member of the military regime's government junta.  on his way to the hospital on express orders of the president, interior minister enrique krauss rejected the attack:    (begin recording) (krauss) we have asked the police authorities to fully clarify this incident.  these attitudes and acts do not help in the effort required to reunite all chileans.  (end recording)    krauss said it was a regrettable incident because it hurt the spirit and purpose of the government and opposition's work.  the attack against leigh would make a good pathological study, the minister added.  (passage omitted)    the national coordinating board for political prisoners has said the attack on gustavo leigh does not reflect the current situation in the country.  communist party leader jorge martinez, movement of the revolutionary left (mir) leader carlos ruig, and manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) leader francisco escobar heard the news while holding a news conference at the prison house.    the fpmr's francisco escobar said he is sure his organization was not involved in the incident because, as he said, we are not going to achieve anything with it.  (passage omitted)    mir representative carlos ruig said that the mir would not carry out any armed action at this time, irrespective of the level of gen. leigh's involvement in past repressions.    communist leader jorge martinez said that he is committed to respecting the democratic transition.  he said that he does not believe that this type of action will contribute to the country's progress and stability.</s>", 'start_gold': 16, 'end_gold': 34, 'gold': 'zman, a former military regime government junta member and former commander in chief of the air', 'candidates': [(9, 16, 'general gustavo leigh gu', 3.828920364379883), (75, 83, ' two 23 to 25-year-old', 4.485527992248535), (75, 91, " two 23 to 25-year-old individuals walked to gen. leigh's", 3.062528610229492)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>general gustavo leigh guzman, a former military regime government junta member and former commander in chief of the air force, and air force general enrique ruiz, retired, a partner in leigh's real estate office, were seriously injured during an attack this morning.    according to witnesses' reports, two 23 to 25-year-old individuals walked to gen. leigh's office, on the fourth floor of the building located at 95 luis talle ojeda street.  (passage omitted)    witnesses said they heard two bursts of gunfire: one burst of three shots lasting three seconds and another burst of seven to eight shots lasting longer.  gen. leigh's secretary, joanna santis retamal, came to a window to report the incident.    other reports said that the two individuals broke into the offices and entered gen. leigh's private office.  (passage omitted)    the individuals used 9 mm semiautomatic pistols.  according to the experts, gen. ruiz was hit three times and gen gustavo leigh was hit five times.  the bullets hit gen. leigh in his eye, nose, right arm, right leg, and stomach.    the two attackers then walked down the stairs and escaped toward providencia.  (passage omitted)    the government has expressed its strong condemnation of the attack on gen. gustavo leigh, the former commander in chief of the air force and member of the military regime's government junta.  on his way to the hospital on express orders of the president, interior minister enrique krauss rejected the attack:    (begin recording) (krauss) we have asked the police authorities to fully clarify this incident.  these attitudes and acts do not help in the effort required to reunite all chileans.  (end recording)    krauss said it was a regrettable incident because it hurt the spirit and purpose of the government and opposition's work.  the attack against leigh would make a good pathological study, the minister added.  (passage omitted)    the national coordinating board for political prisoners has said the attack on gustavo leigh does not reflect the current situation in the country.  communist party leader jorge martinez, movement of the revolutionary left (mir) leader carlos ruig, and manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) leader francisco escobar heard the news while holding a news conference at the prison house.    the fpmr's francisco escobar said he is sure his organization was not involved in the incident because, as he said, we are not going to achieve anything with it.  (passage omitted)    mir representative carlos ruig said that the mir would not carry out any armed action at this time, irrespective of the level of gen. leigh's involvement in past repressions.    communist leader jorge martinez said that he is committed to respecting the democratic transition.  he said that he does not believe that this type of action will contribute to the country's progress and stability.</s>", 'start_gold': 870, 'end_gold': 887, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(211, 217, ' 9 mm semiautomatic', 15.174516677856445), (211, 218, ' 9 mm semiautomatic pistols', 12.231172561645508), (211, 239, ' 9 mm semiautomatic pistols.  according to the experts, gen. ruiz was hit three times and gen gustavo le', 7.62814474105835)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the panamanian government is prepared to face a rupture of diplomatic relations with mexico and peru to enforce the law, foreign minister dr. julio e. linares asserted when referring to former collaborators of former general noriega who sought shelter in these embassies several weeks ago.    the mexican embassy in panama city has announced that it has granted diplomatic asylum to rafael arosemena, former manager of the national bank of panama.  however, the panamanian authorities have confirmed that they would not grant him a safeconduct to leave the country, and they sent a note to the mexican embassy urging it to desist from offering him protection.    according to the public prosecutor\'s office, rafael arosemena is involved in authorizing the payment of checks for $12 million, made out to cash by former colonel marcos justines.  meanwhile, heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonzalez, former majors in the now defunct defense forces, have sought asylum at the peruvian embassy in panama city. they are accused of killing major moises giroldi, who led the foiled coup d\'etat against noriega in october 1989.    "we are willing to pay whatever price is necessary to enforce the law, because these political refugees are common criminals and they have no right to that benefit," linares stated when asked by critica libre if panama would be willing to stop the people who have sought asylum at the mexican and peruvian embassies from leaving the country without facing a trial for the crimes they reportedly perpetrated during the previous regime.    linares said that panama will maintain its position of not granting safe-conducts to these refugees, even if the mexican and peruvian government insist on granting them diplomatic asylum, and admitted that this will likely create an international conflict.    nevertheless, linares said that he hopes there will be no need to break diplomatic relations with either of these countries, which insist on keeping former collaborators of former gen noriega as refugees, and he emphasized the need to reach an understanding with these nations.    "we hope that relations with mexico will not cool off or reach a breaking point given the affection that unites us as free nations," linares added.    he revealed that the peruvian embassy sent a note to the panamanian government stating that it will continue to give diplomati protection to the refugees in its embassy, because legal proceedings were started against them after they had been accepted by the diplomatic mission.    "we are preparing a note of reply to the peruvian government," foreign minister linares said.    the following persons are still refugees at the ecuadoran embassy: former public works minister rene bultron, former labor minister cesar martans, former national mortgage bank manager julio shaik, former irhe (institute of hydraulic resources and electrification) director leovigildo herrrera, and former tourism director bernardo dominguez.    last week the foreign minister reviewed the possibility of granting safe-conducts to five of these former officials in the previous regime, provided there is no case pending against them.  according to the official, these refugees face charges for plotting against the state\'s security, a political crime.    referring to the case of former legislator luis gomez, who sought asylum at the cuban embassy, linares said they will have to make an evaluation.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(199, 210, ' heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonz', 5.229102611541748), (199, 211, ' heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonzalez', 3.9398486614227295), (199, 219, ' heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonzalez, former majors in the now defunct defense', 2.584502935409546)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the panamanian government is prepared to face a rupture of diplomatic relations with mexico and peru to enforce the law, foreign minister dr. julio e. linares asserted when referring to former collaborators of former general noriega who sought shelter in these embassies several weeks ago.    the mexican embassy in panama city has announced that it has granted diplomatic asylum to rafael arosemena, former manager of the national bank of panama.  however, the panamanian authorities have confirmed that they would not grant him a safeconduct to leave the country, and they sent a note to the mexican embassy urging it to desist from offering him protection.    according to the public prosecutor\'s office, rafael arosemena is involved in authorizing the payment of checks for $12 million, made out to cash by former colonel marcos justines.  meanwhile, heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonzalez, former majors in the now defunct defense forces, have sought asylum at the peruvian embassy in panama city. they are accused of killing major moises giroldi, who led the foiled coup d\'etat against noriega in october 1989.    "we are willing to pay whatever price is necessary to enforce the law, because these political refugees are common criminals and they have no right to that benefit," linares stated when asked by critica libre if panama would be willing to stop the people who have sought asylum at the mexican and peruvian embassies from leaving the country without facing a trial for the crimes they reportedly perpetrated during the previous regime.    linares said that panama will maintain its position of not granting safe-conducts to these refugees, even if the mexican and peruvian government insist on granting them diplomatic asylum, and admitted that this will likely create an international conflict.    nevertheless, linares said that he hopes there will be no need to break diplomatic relations with either of these countries, which insist on keeping former collaborators of former gen noriega as refugees, and he emphasized the need to reach an understanding with these nations.    "we hope that relations with mexico will not cool off or reach a breaking point given the affection that unites us as free nations," linares added.    he revealed that the peruvian embassy sent a note to the panamanian government stating that it will continue to give diplomati protection to the refugees in its embassy, because legal proceedings were started against them after they had been accepted by the diplomatic mission.    "we are preparing a note of reply to the peruvian government," foreign minister linares said.    the following persons are still refugees at the ecuadoran embassy: former public works minister rene bultron, former labor minister cesar martans, former national mortgage bank manager julio shaik, former irhe (institute of hydraulic resources and electrification) director leovigildo herrrera, and former tourism director bernardo dominguez.    last week the foreign minister reviewed the possibility of granting safe-conducts to five of these former officials in the previous regime, provided there is no case pending against them.  according to the official, these refugees face charges for plotting against the state\'s security, a political crime.    referring to the case of former legislator luis gomez, who sought asylum at the cuban embassy, linares said they will have to make an evaluation.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(199, 210, ' heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonz', 3.5151093006134033), (199, 211, ' heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonzalez', 1.9912595748901367), (199, 219, ' heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonzalez, former majors in the now defunct defense', 1.3220692873001099)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the panamanian government is prepared to face a rupture of diplomatic relations with mexico and peru to enforce the law, foreign minister dr. julio e. linares asserted when referring to former collaborators of former general noriega who sought shelter in these embassies several weeks ago.    the mexican embassy in panama city has announced that it has granted diplomatic asylum to rafael arosemena, former manager of the national bank of panama.  however, the panamanian authorities have confirmed that they would not grant him a safeconduct to leave the country, and they sent a note to the mexican embassy urging it to desist from offering him protection.    according to the public prosecutor\'s office, rafael arosemena is involved in authorizing the payment of checks for $12 million, made out to cash by former colonel marcos justines.  meanwhile, heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonzalez, former majors in the now defunct defense forces, have sought asylum at the peruvian embassy in panama city. they are accused of killing major moises giroldi, who led the foiled coup d\'etat against noriega in october 1989.    "we are willing to pay whatever price is necessary to enforce the law, because these political refugees are common criminals and they have no right to that benefit," linares stated when asked by critica libre if panama would be willing to stop the people who have sought asylum at the mexican and peruvian embassies from leaving the country without facing a trial for the crimes they reportedly perpetrated during the previous regime.    linares said that panama will maintain its position of not granting safe-conducts to these refugees, even if the mexican and peruvian government insist on granting them diplomatic asylum, and admitted that this will likely create an international conflict.    nevertheless, linares said that he hopes there will be no need to break diplomatic relations with either of these countries, which insist on keeping former collaborators of former gen noriega as refugees, and he emphasized the need to reach an understanding with these nations.    "we hope that relations with mexico will not cool off or reach a breaking point given the affection that unites us as free nations," linares added.    he revealed that the peruvian embassy sent a note to the panamanian government stating that it will continue to give diplomati protection to the refugees in its embassy, because legal proceedings were started against them after they had been accepted by the diplomatic mission.    "we are preparing a note of reply to the peruvian government," foreign minister linares said.    the following persons are still refugees at the ecuadoran embassy: former public works minister rene bultron, former labor minister cesar martans, former national mortgage bank manager julio shaik, former irhe (institute of hydraulic resources and electrification) director leovigildo herrrera, and former tourism director bernardo dominguez.    last week the foreign minister reviewed the possibility of granting safe-conducts to five of these former officials in the previous regime, provided there is no case pending against them.  according to the official, these refugees face charges for plotting against the state\'s security, a political crime.    referring to the case of former legislator luis gomez, who sought asylum at the cuban embassy, linares said they will have to make an evaluation.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(701, 706, " plotting against the state's", 5.6760101318359375), (701, 710, " plotting against the state's security, a political", 3.497366428375244), (701, 707, " plotting against the state's security", 2.318204879760742)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the panamanian government is prepared to face a rupture of diplomatic relations with mexico and peru to enforce the law, foreign minister dr. julio e. linares asserted when referring to former collaborators of former general noriega who sought shelter in these embassies several weeks ago.    the mexican embassy in panama city has announced that it has granted diplomatic asylum to rafael arosemena, former manager of the national bank of panama.  however, the panamanian authorities have confirmed that they would not grant him a safeconduct to leave the country, and they sent a note to the mexican embassy urging it to desist from offering him protection.    according to the public prosecutor\'s office, rafael arosemena is involved in authorizing the payment of checks for $12 million, made out to cash by former colonel marcos justines.  meanwhile, heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonzalez, former majors in the now defunct defense forces, have sought asylum at the peruvian embassy in panama city. they are accused of killing major moises giroldi, who led the foiled coup d\'etat against noriega in october 1989.    "we are willing to pay whatever price is necessary to enforce the law, because these political refugees are common criminals and they have no right to that benefit," linares stated when asked by critica libre if panama would be willing to stop the people who have sought asylum at the mexican and peruvian embassies from leaving the country without facing a trial for the crimes they reportedly perpetrated during the previous regime.    linares said that panama will maintain its position of not granting safe-conducts to these refugees, even if the mexican and peruvian government insist on granting them diplomatic asylum, and admitted that this will likely create an international conflict.    nevertheless, linares said that he hopes there will be no need to break diplomatic relations with either of these countries, which insist on keeping former collaborators of former gen noriega as refugees, and he emphasized the need to reach an understanding with these nations.    "we hope that relations with mexico will not cool off or reach a breaking point given the affection that unites us as free nations," linares added.    he revealed that the peruvian embassy sent a note to the panamanian government stating that it will continue to give diplomati protection to the refugees in its embassy, because legal proceedings were started against them after they had been accepted by the diplomatic mission.    "we are preparing a note of reply to the peruvian government," foreign minister linares said.    the following persons are still refugees at the ecuadoran embassy: former public works minister rene bultron, former labor minister cesar martans, former national mortgage bank manager julio shaik, former irhe (institute of hydraulic resources and electrification) director leovigildo herrrera, and former tourism director bernardo dominguez.    last week the foreign minister reviewed the possibility of granting safe-conducts to five of these former officials in the previous regime, provided there is no case pending against them.  according to the official, these refugees face charges for plotting against the state\'s security, a political crime.    referring to the case of former legislator luis gomez, who sought asylum at the cuban embassy, linares said they will have to make an evaluation.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(590, 618, ' former public works minister rene bultron, former labor minister cesar martans, former national mortgage bank manager julio sha', 0.8755475282669067), (590, 606, ' former public works minister rene bultron, former labor minister cesar mart', 0.47575604915618896), (198, 209, ' heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonz', 2.059170722961426)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the panamanian government is prepared to face a rupture of diplomatic relations with mexico and peru to enforce the law, foreign minister dr. julio e. linares asserted when referring to former collaborators of former general noriega who sought shelter in these embassies several weeks ago.    the mexican embassy in panama city has announced that it has granted diplomatic asylum to rafael arosemena, former manager of the national bank of panama.  however, the panamanian authorities have confirmed that they would not grant him a safeconduct to leave the country, and they sent a note to the mexican embassy urging it to desist from offering him protection.    according to the public prosecutor\'s office, rafael arosemena is involved in authorizing the payment of checks for $12 million, made out to cash by former colonel marcos justines.  meanwhile, heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonzalez, former majors in the now defunct defense forces, have sought asylum at the peruvian embassy in panama city. they are accused of killing major moises giroldi, who led the foiled coup d\'etat against noriega in october 1989.    "we are willing to pay whatever price is necessary to enforce the law, because these political refugees are common criminals and they have no right to that benefit," linares stated when asked by critica libre if panama would be willing to stop the people who have sought asylum at the mexican and peruvian embassies from leaving the country without facing a trial for the crimes they reportedly perpetrated during the previous regime.    linares said that panama will maintain its position of not granting safe-conducts to these refugees, even if the mexican and peruvian government insist on granting them diplomatic asylum, and admitted that this will likely create an international conflict.    nevertheless, linares said that he hopes there will be no need to break diplomatic relations with either of these countries, which insist on keeping former collaborators of former gen noriega as refugees, and he emphasized the need to reach an understanding with these nations.    "we hope that relations with mexico will not cool off or reach a breaking point given the affection that unites us as free nations," linares added.    he revealed that the peruvian embassy sent a note to the panamanian government stating that it will continue to give diplomati protection to the refugees in its embassy, because legal proceedings were started against them after they had been accepted by the diplomatic mission.    "we are preparing a note of reply to the peruvian government," foreign minister linares said.    the following persons are still refugees at the ecuadoran embassy: former public works minister rene bultron, former labor minister cesar martans, former national mortgage bank manager julio shaik, former irhe (institute of hydraulic resources and electrification) director leovigildo herrrera, and former tourism director bernardo dominguez.    last week the foreign minister reviewed the possibility of granting safe-conducts to five of these former officials in the previous regime, provided there is no case pending against them.  according to the official, these refugees face charges for plotting against the state\'s security, a political crime.    referring to the case of former legislator luis gomez, who sought asylum at the cuban embassy, linares said they will have to make an evaluation.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(198, 209, ' heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonz', 5.481715202331543), (198, 218, ' heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonzalez, former majors in the now defunct defense', 5.197818279266357), (198, 210, ' heraclides sucre and gonzalo gonzalez', 4.186124324798584)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>good evening, a communique has just been issued at the national capitol.  the communique has been signed by all the democratic forces of the country, with the exception of the liberal party.  the communique asks the government to offer full guarantees during the elections process and to postpone the elections.  the following is the communique that has been issued in the eliptico room of the national capitol:    (begin recording) (unidentified speaker) we report to the colombian people and the people of the world the following:    1. we once again condemn the vile murder of presidential candidate dr. bernardo jaramillo.  this murder has made evident the lack of guarantees in the country, guarantees that the government has systematically denied the opposition parties.  we reject the manipulations in which official organizations are engaged in connection with investigating this crime.    2. we denounce that the official apparatus is at the service of only one candidate and that it is prepared to establish party predominance that would in practice be a rejection of democratic pluralism.    3. we demand full guarantees for all the forces participating in the elections and equitable access to the state media so that these forces can make known their political positions.    4. we request guarantees that the new electoral system will not have the same difficulties that existed during the 11 march elections, the results of which are still unknown.    5. under the current conditions, we ask our representatives in the national electoral council to abstain from participating in discussions and decisions of that council.    6. in view of these circumstances, we have agreed to temporarily suspend our election campaigns and demand a postponement of the presidential elections scheduled for 27 may.    7. we insist that the ratification of carlos lemos simmonds in the government ministry represents the biggest obstacle to the democratic opposition to finding an institutional interlocutor in national government.    8. we announce the immediate presence of international (words indistinct) to verify that the electoral guarantees we are demanding are granted and to observe the elections process.    9. the permanent committee of the opposition hereby states its decision to work for the formation of a constituent national assembly that must have a democratic and pluralistic composition with the deciding participation of the national (word indistinct) to approve a new constitution and to contribute toward finding political solutions to the social conflict of colombia.  we appeal to the leaders of the country to urge the national government to defend and respect human rights.    10. we reiterate our position that the only way out of the armed conflict in the country is a negotiated political solution.    11. we urge the liberal party to postpone its national convention in solidarity with the patriotic union and the colombian people.    12. we acknowledge the catholic church's call and we will promote this call through this committee.    13. in defense of a pluralistic democracy we will maintain the permanent committee of the opposition we have created.  we hereby ask our followers and all our countrymen to remain on a state of alert.    this committee will hold a new meeting tuesday 27 march, at 1500, in the chamber of representatives.  we urge all political and social forces interested in these objectives to actively participate in this meeting.    resolution;    democratic socialism, the popular movement (words indistinct), the broad front (words indistinct), the nationalist action for peace, and the 19 april movement (m-19) want to leave on record the following:    the negotiation process between the national government and m-19 that began on 10 january 1989 and that produced on 9 march 1990 a peace agreement will be affected by the murder of bernardo jaramillo, but will not result in an end to the search for peace by the two parties.    we will continue to work for a political solution to the armed conflict in colombia.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(515, 518, ' leaders of the', 6.129953384399414), (515, 515, '', 3.481799602508545), (515, 529, ' leaders of the country to urge the national government to defend and respect human', 2.2295925617218018)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>good evening, a communique has just been issued at the national capitol.  the communique has been signed by all the democratic forces of the country, with the exception of the liberal party.  the communique asks the government to offer full guarantees during the elections process and to postpone the elections.  the following is the communique that has been issued in the eliptico room of the national capitol:    (begin recording) (unidentified speaker) we report to the colombian people and the people of the world the following:    1. we once again condemn the vile murder of presidential candidate dr. bernardo jaramillo.  this murder has made evident the lack of guarantees in the country, guarantees that the government has systematically denied the opposition parties.  we reject the manipulations in which official organizations are engaged in connection with investigating this crime.    2. we denounce that the official apparatus is at the service of only one candidate and that it is prepared to establish party predominance that would in practice be a rejection of democratic pluralism.    3. we demand full guarantees for all the forces participating in the elections and equitable access to the state media so that these forces can make known their political positions.    4. we request guarantees that the new electoral system will not have the same difficulties that existed during the 11 march elections, the results of which are still unknown.    5. under the current conditions, we ask our representatives in the national electoral council to abstain from participating in discussions and decisions of that council.    6. in view of these circumstances, we have agreed to temporarily suspend our election campaigns and demand a postponement of the presidential elections scheduled for 27 may.    7. we insist that the ratification of carlos lemos simmonds in the government ministry represents the biggest obstacle to the democratic opposition to finding an institutional interlocutor in national government.    8. we announce the immediate presence of international (words indistinct) to verify that the electoral guarantees we are demanding are granted and to observe the elections process.    9. the permanent committee of the opposition hereby states its decision to work for the formation of a constituent national assembly that must have a democratic and pluralistic composition with the deciding participation of the national (word indistinct) to approve a new constitution and to contribute toward finding political solutions to the social conflict of colombia.  we appeal to the leaders of the country to urge the national government to defend and respect human rights.    10. we reiterate our position that the only way out of the armed conflict in the country is a negotiated political solution.    11. we urge the liberal party to postpone its national convention in solidarity with the patriotic union and the colombian people.    12. we acknowledge the catholic church's call and we will promote this call through this committee.    13. in defense of a pluralistic democracy we will maintain the permanent committee of the opposition we have created.  we hereby ask our followers and all our countrymen to remain on a state of alert.    this committee will hold a new meeting tuesday 27 march, at 1500, in the chamber of representatives.  we urge all political and social forces interested in these objectives to actively participate in this meeting.    resolution;    democratic socialism, the popular movement (words indistinct), the broad front (words indistinct), the nationalist action for peace, and the 19 april movement (m-19) want to leave on record the following:    the negotiation process between the national government and m-19 that began on 10 january 1989 and that produced on 9 march 1990 a peace agreement will be affected by the murder of bernardo jaramillo, but will not result in an end to the search for peace by the two parties.    we will continue to work for a political solution to the armed conflict in colombia.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(180, 181, ' official', 5.479781627655029), (180, 180, '', 4.903600215911865), (180, 189, ' official organizations are engaged in connection with investigating this', 4.588868141174316)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>good evening, a communique has just been issued at the national capitol.  the communique has been signed by all the democratic forces of the country, with the exception of the liberal party.  the communique asks the government to offer full guarantees during the elections process and to postpone the elections.  the following is the communique that has been issued in the eliptico room of the national capitol:    (begin recording) (unidentified speaker) we report to the colombian people and the people of the world the following:    1. we once again condemn the vile murder of presidential candidate dr. bernardo jaramillo.  this murder has made evident the lack of guarantees in the country, guarantees that the government has systematically denied the opposition parties.  we reject the manipulations in which official organizations are engaged in connection with investigating this crime.    2. we denounce that the official apparatus is at the service of only one candidate and that it is prepared to establish party predominance that would in practice be a rejection of democratic pluralism.    3. we demand full guarantees for all the forces participating in the elections and equitable access to the state media so that these forces can make known their political positions.    4. we request guarantees that the new electoral system will not have the same difficulties that existed during the 11 march elections, the results of which are still unknown.    5. under the current conditions, we ask our representatives in the national electoral council to abstain from participating in discussions and decisions of that council.    6. in view of these circumstances, we have agreed to temporarily suspend our election campaigns and demand a postponement of the presidential elections scheduled for 27 may.    7. we insist that the ratification of carlos lemos simmonds in the government ministry represents the biggest obstacle to the democratic opposition to finding an institutional interlocutor in national government.    8. we announce the immediate presence of international (words indistinct) to verify that the electoral guarantees we are demanding are granted and to observe the elections process.    9. the permanent committee of the opposition hereby states its decision to work for the formation of a constituent national assembly that must have a democratic and pluralistic composition with the deciding participation of the national (word indistinct) to approve a new constitution and to contribute toward finding political solutions to the social conflict of colombia.  we appeal to the leaders of the country to urge the national government to defend and respect human rights.    10. we reiterate our position that the only way out of the armed conflict in the country is a negotiated political solution.    11. we urge the liberal party to postpone its national convention in solidarity with the patriotic union and the colombian people.    12. we acknowledge the catholic church's call and we will promote this call through this committee.    13. in defense of a pluralistic democracy we will maintain the permanent committee of the opposition we have created.  we hereby ask our followers and all our countrymen to remain on a state of alert.    this committee will hold a new meeting tuesday 27 march, at 1500, in the chamber of representatives.  we urge all political and social forces interested in these objectives to actively participate in this meeting.    resolution;    democratic socialism, the popular movement (words indistinct), the broad front (words indistinct), the nationalist action for peace, and the 19 april movement (m-19) want to leave on record the following:    the negotiation process between the national government and m-19 that began on 10 january 1989 and that produced on 9 march 1990 a peace agreement will be affected by the murder of bernardo jaramillo, but will not result in an end to the search for peace by the two parties.    we will continue to work for a political solution to the armed conflict in colombia.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(179, 180, ' official', 2.216660499572754), (179, 188, ' official organizations are engaged in connection with investigating this', 0.3578673005104065), (179, 179, '', -1.0949984788894653)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>good evening, a communique has just been issued at the national capitol.  the communique has been signed by all the democratic forces of the country, with the exception of the liberal party.  the communique asks the government to offer full guarantees during the elections process and to postpone the elections.  the following is the communique that has been issued in the eliptico room of the national capitol:    (begin recording) (unidentified speaker) we report to the colombian people and the people of the world the following:    1. we once again condemn the vile murder of presidential candidate dr. bernardo jaramillo.  this murder has made evident the lack of guarantees in the country, guarantees that the government has systematically denied the opposition parties.  we reject the manipulations in which official organizations are engaged in connection with investigating this crime.    2. we denounce that the official apparatus is at the service of only one candidate and that it is prepared to establish party predominance that would in practice be a rejection of democratic pluralism.    3. we demand full guarantees for all the forces participating in the elections and equitable access to the state media so that these forces can make known their political positions.    4. we request guarantees that the new electoral system will not have the same difficulties that existed during the 11 march elections, the results of which are still unknown.    5. under the current conditions, we ask our representatives in the national electoral council to abstain from participating in discussions and decisions of that council.    6. in view of these circumstances, we have agreed to temporarily suspend our election campaigns and demand a postponement of the presidential elections scheduled for 27 may.    7. we insist that the ratification of carlos lemos simmonds in the government ministry represents the biggest obstacle to the democratic opposition to finding an institutional interlocutor in national government.    8. we announce the immediate presence of international (words indistinct) to verify that the electoral guarantees we are demanding are granted and to observe the elections process.    9. the permanent committee of the opposition hereby states its decision to work for the formation of a constituent national assembly that must have a democratic and pluralistic composition with the deciding participation of the national (word indistinct) to approve a new constitution and to contribute toward finding political solutions to the social conflict of colombia.  we appeal to the leaders of the country to urge the national government to defend and respect human rights.    10. we reiterate our position that the only way out of the armed conflict in the country is a negotiated political solution.    11. we urge the liberal party to postpone its national convention in solidarity with the patriotic union and the colombian people.    12. we acknowledge the catholic church's call and we will promote this call through this committee.    13. in defense of a pluralistic democracy we will maintain the permanent committee of the opposition we have created.  we hereby ask our followers and all our countrymen to remain on a state of alert.    this committee will hold a new meeting tuesday 27 march, at 1500, in the chamber of representatives.  we urge all political and social forces interested in these objectives to actively participate in this meeting.    resolution;    democratic socialism, the popular movement (words indistinct), the broad front (words indistinct), the nationalist action for peace, and the 19 april movement (m-19) want to leave on record the following:    the negotiation process between the national government and m-19 that began on 10 january 1989 and that produced on 9 march 1990 a peace agreement will be affected by the murder of bernardo jaramillo, but will not result in an end to the search for peace by the two parties.    we will continue to work for a political solution to the armed conflict in colombia.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 615, 'end_gold': 630, 'gold': ' of a pluralistic democracy we will maintain the permanent committee of the opposition we', 'candidates': [(179, 180, ' official', 0.6578501462936401), (179, 188, ' official organizations are engaged in connection with investigating this', -1.391019582748413), (179, 179, '', -3.1560401916503906)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>good evening, a communique has just been issued at the national capitol.  the communique has been signed by all the democratic forces of the country, with the exception of the liberal party.  the communique asks the government to offer full guarantees during the elections process and to postpone the elections.  the following is the communique that has been issued in the eliptico room of the national capitol:    (begin recording) (unidentified speaker) we report to the colombian people and the people of the world the following:    1. we once again condemn the vile murder of presidential candidate dr. bernardo jaramillo.  this murder has made evident the lack of guarantees in the country, guarantees that the government has systematically denied the opposition parties.  we reject the manipulations in which official organizations are engaged in connection with investigating this crime.    2. we denounce that the official apparatus is at the service of only one candidate and that it is prepared to establish party predominance that would in practice be a rejection of democratic pluralism.    3. we demand full guarantees for all the forces participating in the elections and equitable access to the state media so that these forces can make known their political positions.    4. we request guarantees that the new electoral system will not have the same difficulties that existed during the 11 march elections, the results of which are still unknown.    5. under the current conditions, we ask our representatives in the national electoral council to abstain from participating in discussions and decisions of that council.    6. in view of these circumstances, we have agreed to temporarily suspend our election campaigns and demand a postponement of the presidential elections scheduled for 27 may.    7. we insist that the ratification of carlos lemos simmonds in the government ministry represents the biggest obstacle to the democratic opposition to finding an institutional interlocutor in national government.    8. we announce the immediate presence of international (words indistinct) to verify that the electoral guarantees we are demanding are granted and to observe the elections process.    9. the permanent committee of the opposition hereby states its decision to work for the formation of a constituent national assembly that must have a democratic and pluralistic composition with the deciding participation of the national (word indistinct) to approve a new constitution and to contribute toward finding political solutions to the social conflict of colombia.  we appeal to the leaders of the country to urge the national government to defend and respect human rights.    10. we reiterate our position that the only way out of the armed conflict in the country is a negotiated political solution.    11. we urge the liberal party to postpone its national convention in solidarity with the patriotic union and the colombian people.    12. we acknowledge the catholic church's call and we will promote this call through this committee.    13. in defense of a pluralistic democracy we will maintain the permanent committee of the opposition we have created.  we hereby ask our followers and all our countrymen to remain on a state of alert.    this committee will hold a new meeting tuesday 27 march, at 1500, in the chamber of representatives.  we urge all political and social forces interested in these objectives to actively participate in this meeting.    resolution;    democratic socialism, the popular movement (words indistinct), the broad front (words indistinct), the nationalist action for peace, and the 19 april movement (m-19) want to leave on record the following:    the negotiation process between the national government and m-19 that began on 10 january 1989 and that produced on 9 march 1990 a peace agreement will be affected by the murder of bernardo jaramillo, but will not result in an end to the search for peace by the two parties.    we will continue to work for a political solution to the armed conflict in colombia.  (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(514, 517, ' leaders of the', 7.52316951751709), (514, 514, '', 4.322490692138672), (514, 522, ' leaders of the country to urge the national', 3.045905828475952)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>fmln-fdr (farabundo marti national liberation front-revolutionary democratic front) terrorist groups have continued their treacherous attacks against civilians and police officers in the capital and throughout the countryside, openly ignoring the agreements reached by their leaders with a government delegation in geneva, switzerland.    the armed forces telecommunications instruction center (citfa) reported that a man and a woman were critically wounded when the vehicle in which they were travelling near olocuilta, la paz department, was machinegunned by fmln terrorists on the evening of 4 april.    the wounded are mauricio campos and concepcion herrera, who were taken to a health center by the red cross, the sources added.    the national police reported that two of its agents and a civilian were fired at by terrorists at 1800 on 4 april, as they inspected a car crash between the highway to comalapa airport and 49th south avenue in the montserrat neighborhood.    "the policemen were machinegunned down by people in a moving vehicle and sustained wounds which have left them in extremely critical condition," a security corps spokesman said.    the two agents were assisted by people who repudiated the attack.    a pedestrian, later identified as manuel alvaro mendoza, was also struck by the bullet and he is at rosales hospital.    a military spokesman also reported that a group of persons who identified themselves as fmln-fdr members kidnapped a peasant, jose manuel posada, near la colmena, in el carmen district, cuscatlan department.    meanwhile, 9-year-old yohalmo antonio ortiz was injured by shrapnel when terrorists threw a bomb at civil defense members in nejapa, north of san salvador, while harassing the paramilitary group\'s outpost. the boy is at bloom hospital.    in the document signed by the government delegation and the fmln-fdr leaders, the latter pledged not to engage in terrorists attacks that might damage assets or injure persons, but "urban commandos" or "terrorists squads" that operate in san salvador have either not been informed of this resolution or they act independently, the military sources said.    referring to the 2 april car bomb explosion perpetrated in santa tecla, the fmln-fdr claimed responsibility for the attack in a communique, and said that it was "an action aimed directly at the police" and that "they regret the death of a civilian," but they did not mention compensation for the relatives.    also, the fmln-fdr claimed responsibility for the attack on general rafael humberto larios\'s son-in-law, accusing him of being a military pilot -- when in fact he has been a civilian pilot and he was working in a small automobile spare parts distribution company at the time of the attack.    the young man, otto milla, is still in a coma and his pancreas was removed in the latest surgical operation.</s>', 'start_gold': 570, 'end_gold': 584, 'gold': ' claimed responsibility for the attack on general rafael humberto larios', 'candidates': [(507, 535, ' fmln-fdr claimed responsibility for the attack in a communique, and said that it was "an action aimed directly at the', 0.8698859214782715), (507, 521, ' fmln-fdr claimed responsibility for the attack in a commun', 0.7570960521697998), (507, 517, ' fmln-fdr claimed responsibility for the', 0.38054633140563965)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>fmln-fdr (farabundo marti national liberation front-revolutionary democratic front) terrorist groups have continued their treacherous attacks against civilians and police officers in the capital and throughout the countryside, openly ignoring the agreements reached by their leaders with a government delegation in geneva, switzerland.    the armed forces telecommunications instruction center (citfa) reported that a man and a woman were critically wounded when the vehicle in which they were travelling near olocuilta, la paz department, was machinegunned by fmln terrorists on the evening of 4 april.    the wounded are mauricio campos and concepcion herrera, who were taken to a health center by the red cross, the sources added.    the national police reported that two of its agents and a civilian were fired at by terrorists at 1800 on 4 april, as they inspected a car crash between the highway to comalapa airport and 49th south avenue in the montserrat neighborhood.    "the policemen were machinegunned down by people in a moving vehicle and sustained wounds which have left them in extremely critical condition," a security corps spokesman said.    the two agents were assisted by people who repudiated the attack.    a pedestrian, later identified as manuel alvaro mendoza, was also struck by the bullet and he is at rosales hospital.    a military spokesman also reported that a group of persons who identified themselves as fmln-fdr members kidnapped a peasant, jose manuel posada, near la colmena, in el carmen district, cuscatlan department.    meanwhile, 9-year-old yohalmo antonio ortiz was injured by shrapnel when terrorists threw a bomb at civil defense members in nejapa, north of san salvador, while harassing the paramilitary group\'s outpost. the boy is at bloom hospital.    in the document signed by the government delegation and the fmln-fdr leaders, the latter pledged not to engage in terrorists attacks that might damage assets or injure persons, but "urban commandos" or "terrorists squads" that operate in san salvador have either not been informed of this resolution or they act independently, the military sources said.    referring to the 2 april car bomb explosion perpetrated in santa tecla, the fmln-fdr claimed responsibility for the attack in a communique, and said that it was "an action aimed directly at the police" and that "they regret the death of a civilian," but they did not mention compensation for the relatives.    also, the fmln-fdr claimed responsibility for the attack on general rafael humberto larios\'s son-in-law, accusing him of being a military pilot -- when in fact he has been a civilian pilot and he was working in a small automobile spare parts distribution company at the time of the attack.    the young man, otto milla, is still in a coma and his pancreas was removed in the latest surgical operation.</s>', 'start_gold': 9, 'end_gold': 22, 'gold': '</s>fmln-fdr (farabundo marti national', 'candidates': [(30, 31, ' terrorist', 7.40247917175293), (30, 30, '', 3.9318299293518066), (30, 41, ' terrorist groups have continued their treacherous attacks against civilians and police', 2.574162006378174)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>fmln-fdr (farabundo marti national liberation front-revolutionary democratic front) terrorist groups have continued their treacherous attacks against civilians and police officers in the capital and throughout the countryside, openly ignoring the agreements reached by their leaders with a government delegation in geneva, switzerland.    the armed forces telecommunications instruction center (citfa) reported that a man and a woman were critically wounded when the vehicle in which they were travelling near olocuilta, la paz department, was machinegunned by fmln terrorists on the evening of 4 april.    the wounded are mauricio campos and concepcion herrera, who were taken to a health center by the red cross, the sources added.    the national police reported that two of its agents and a civilian were fired at by terrorists at 1800 on 4 april, as they inspected a car crash between the highway to comalapa airport and 49th south avenue in the montserrat neighborhood.    "the policemen were machinegunned down by people in a moving vehicle and sustained wounds which have left them in extremely critical condition," a security corps spokesman said.    the two agents were assisted by people who repudiated the attack.    a pedestrian, later identified as manuel alvaro mendoza, was also struck by the bullet and he is at rosales hospital.    a military spokesman also reported that a group of persons who identified themselves as fmln-fdr members kidnapped a peasant, jose manuel posada, near la colmena, in el carmen district, cuscatlan department.    meanwhile, 9-year-old yohalmo antonio ortiz was injured by shrapnel when terrorists threw a bomb at civil defense members in nejapa, north of san salvador, while harassing the paramilitary group\'s outpost. the boy is at bloom hospital.    in the document signed by the government delegation and the fmln-fdr leaders, the latter pledged not to engage in terrorists attacks that might damage assets or injure persons, but "urban commandos" or "terrorists squads" that operate in san salvador have either not been informed of this resolution or they act independently, the military sources said.    referring to the 2 april car bomb explosion perpetrated in santa tecla, the fmln-fdr claimed responsibility for the attack in a communique, and said that it was "an action aimed directly at the police" and that "they regret the death of a civilian," but they did not mention compensation for the relatives.    also, the fmln-fdr claimed responsibility for the attack on general rafael humberto larios\'s son-in-law, accusing him of being a military pilot -- when in fact he has been a civilian pilot and he was working in a small automobile spare parts distribution company at the time of the attack.    the young man, otto milla, is still in a coma and his pancreas was removed in the latest surgical operation.</s>', 'start_gold': 475, 'end_gold': 487, 'gold': ' or they act independently, the military sources said.  ', 'candidates': [(37, 40, ' civilians and police', 9.540414810180664), (37, 47, ' civilians and police officers in the capital and throughout the', 9.028594970703125), (37, 48, ' civilians and police officers in the capital and throughout the countryside', 5.933700084686279)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>fmln-fdr (farabundo marti national liberation front-revolutionary democratic front) terrorist groups have continued their treacherous attacks against civilians and police officers in the capital and throughout the countryside, openly ignoring the agreements reached by their leaders with a government delegation in geneva, switzerland.    the armed forces telecommunications instruction center (citfa) reported that a man and a woman were critically wounded when the vehicle in which they were travelling near olocuilta, la paz department, was machinegunned by fmln terrorists on the evening of 4 april.    the wounded are mauricio campos and concepcion herrera, who were taken to a health center by the red cross, the sources added.    the national police reported that two of its agents and a civilian were fired at by terrorists at 1800 on 4 april, as they inspected a car crash between the highway to comalapa airport and 49th south avenue in the montserrat neighborhood.    "the policemen were machinegunned down by people in a moving vehicle and sustained wounds which have left them in extremely critical condition," a security corps spokesman said.    the two agents were assisted by people who repudiated the attack.    a pedestrian, later identified as manuel alvaro mendoza, was also struck by the bullet and he is at rosales hospital.    a military spokesman also reported that a group of persons who identified themselves as fmln-fdr members kidnapped a peasant, jose manuel posada, near la colmena, in el carmen district, cuscatlan department.    meanwhile, 9-year-old yohalmo antonio ortiz was injured by shrapnel when terrorists threw a bomb at civil defense members in nejapa, north of san salvador, while harassing the paramilitary group\'s outpost. the boy is at bloom hospital.    in the document signed by the government delegation and the fmln-fdr leaders, the latter pledged not to engage in terrorists attacks that might damage assets or injure persons, but "urban commandos" or "terrorists squads" that operate in san salvador have either not been informed of this resolution or they act independently, the military sources said.    referring to the 2 april car bomb explosion perpetrated in santa tecla, the fmln-fdr claimed responsibility for the attack in a communique, and said that it was "an action aimed directly at the police" and that "they regret the death of a civilian," but they did not mention compensation for the relatives.    also, the fmln-fdr claimed responsibility for the attack on general rafael humberto larios\'s son-in-law, accusing him of being a military pilot -- when in fact he has been a civilian pilot and he was working in a small automobile spare parts distribution company at the time of the attack.    the young man, otto milla, is still in a coma and his pancreas was removed in the latest surgical operation.</s>', 'start_gold': 631, 'end_gold': 646, 'gold': ' man, otto milla, is still in a coma and his panc', 'candidates': [(133, 143, ' mauricio campos and concepcion her', 16.880659103393555), (133, 144, ' mauricio campos and concepcion herrera', 12.880504608154297), (133, 155, ' mauricio campos and concepcion herrera, who were taken to a health center by the red', 11.385100364685059)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>fmln-fdr (farabundo marti national liberation front-revolutionary democratic front) terrorist groups have continued their treacherous attacks against civilians and police officers in the capital and throughout the countryside, openly ignoring the agreements reached by their leaders with a government delegation in geneva, switzerland.    the armed forces telecommunications instruction center (citfa) reported that a man and a woman were critically wounded when the vehicle in which they were travelling near olocuilta, la paz department, was machinegunned by fmln terrorists on the evening of 4 april.    the wounded are mauricio campos and concepcion herrera, who were taken to a health center by the red cross, the sources added.    the national police reported that two of its agents and a civilian were fired at by terrorists at 1800 on 4 april, as they inspected a car crash between the highway to comalapa airport and 49th south avenue in the montserrat neighborhood.    "the policemen were machinegunned down by people in a moving vehicle and sustained wounds which have left them in extremely critical condition," a security corps spokesman said.    the two agents were assisted by people who repudiated the attack.    a pedestrian, later identified as manuel alvaro mendoza, was also struck by the bullet and he is at rosales hospital.    a military spokesman also reported that a group of persons who identified themselves as fmln-fdr members kidnapped a peasant, jose manuel posada, near la colmena, in el carmen district, cuscatlan department.    meanwhile, 9-year-old yohalmo antonio ortiz was injured by shrapnel when terrorists threw a bomb at civil defense members in nejapa, north of san salvador, while harassing the paramilitary group\'s outpost. the boy is at bloom hospital.    in the document signed by the government delegation and the fmln-fdr leaders, the latter pledged not to engage in terrorists attacks that might damage assets or injure persons, but "urban commandos" or "terrorists squads" that operate in san salvador have either not been informed of this resolution or they act independently, the military sources said.    referring to the 2 april car bomb explosion perpetrated in santa tecla, the fmln-fdr claimed responsibility for the attack in a communique, and said that it was "an action aimed directly at the police" and that "they regret the death of a civilian," but they did not mention compensation for the relatives.    also, the fmln-fdr claimed responsibility for the attack on general rafael humberto larios\'s son-in-law, accusing him of being a military pilot -- when in fact he has been a civilian pilot and he was working in a small automobile spare parts distribution company at the time of the attack.    the young man, otto milla, is still in a coma and his pancreas was removed in the latest surgical operation.</s>', 'start_gold': 1661, 'end_gold': 1672, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(115, 118, ' fmln', 8.293089866638184), (115, 117, ' fml', 2.342008113861084), (115, 126, ' fmln terrorists on the evening of 4 april', 2.0599443912506104)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>following is a compilation of reports on drug seizures and arrests related to drug trafficking in bureau coverage area from 15 to 21 april. colombia    the colombian police today confiscated a 162 kg shipment of pure cocaine from the caribbean port of santa marta, magdalena department. the cocaine was to be shipped to genoa, italy, it was officially reported.    according to the port police commander major orlando reyes, this shipment is one of the largest confiscated in the past few months. last august the colombian government declared "war" on drug trafficking maffias.    the confiscation of the cocaine occurred as the colombian authorities were pursuing three sicilian gangsters who recently came to colombia to negotiate larger drug shipments to europe with the cartels.  ecuador    early on the morning of 20 april, an ecuadoran army patrol seized a boat sailing the san miguel river and found 83 55-gallon barrels of acetone, which is used to process cocaine.  the boat\'s destination was apparently putumayo, colombia. one colombian and two ecuadoreans were arrested.   mexico    the federal judicial police has reported that approximately 6.5 tons of marijuana and a clandestine airstrip were found in san juan nepomuceno municipality in chihuahua state.  police arrested 20-year old jose antonio robles garcia and 30-year old jose guadaulupe benavides carbajold. the suspects had attempted to hide the marijuana in papaya shipments to the united states.    mexican drug agents have arrested u.s. citizen steven andrew henry for possession of 8 kg of cocaine.  the police found traces of cocaine when they searched his vehicle on a road near chetumal and when they went to his house on punta puntitic beach, south of cancun, they found 8 kg of cocaine.    federal judicial police agents have arrested five members of a drug trafficking gang and seized 1 kg of pure cocaine at a clandestine airstrip in ocampo municipality in coahuila state.  the police arrested abelica garcia sanchez, francisco vasquez sanchez, alfredo villareal guzman, jesus presas arredondo, and fernando quintela galindo.  the airstrip was being used to bring in drugs from colombia. the drugs were then unloaded and taken to the united states through santa elena, located 40 km from piedritas.    federal judicial police agents have arrested three u.s. citizens and a mexican who operated a clandestine laboratory to produce crack in puerto penasco, sonora state.  john murphy, diana foster, dany childres, and jose gonzalez oliva were arrested.    attorney general enrique alvarez del castillo reported in ixtapa on 20 april that the police seized 2.2 tons of pure cocaine when they arrested the members of a drug trafficking gang in caborca, sonora state.    the mexican police have dealt a huge blow to drug trafficking by seizing more than 1.5 tons of cocaine base during an operation in culiacan, sinaloa state.  drug agents arrested three members of the drug trafficking gang.    police in sonora, mexico seized 2,536 kg of pure cocaine, the largest seizure of the year so far, it was announced today.  at a news conference the authorities said that the cocaine was seized between 17 and 19 april near the town of caborca, where police discovered clandestine landing strips, presumably used by airplanes coming from colombia.  during a shootout between policemen and approximately 10 presumed drug traffickers, nine of the latter escaped and one was captured.  since president salinas de gortari took office in december 1988, mexican authorities have seized more than 45 tons of cocaine.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(477, 490, ' abelica garcia sanchez, francisco vasquez s', 1.2977964878082275), (477, 499, ' abelica garcia sanchez, francisco vasquez sanchez, alfredo villareal gu', 1.1369552612304688), (477, 500, ' abelica garcia sanchez, francisco vasquez sanchez, alfredo villareal guzman', 0.47977685928344727)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>following is a compilation of reports on drug seizures and arrests related to drug trafficking in bureau coverage area from 15 to 21 april. colombia    the colombian police today confiscated a 162 kg shipment of pure cocaine from the caribbean port of santa marta, magdalena department. the cocaine was to be shipped to genoa, italy, it was officially reported.    according to the port police commander major orlando reyes, this shipment is one of the largest confiscated in the past few months. last august the colombian government declared "war" on drug trafficking maffias.    the confiscation of the cocaine occurred as the colombian authorities were pursuing three sicilian gangsters who recently came to colombia to negotiate larger drug shipments to europe with the cartels.  ecuador    early on the morning of 20 april, an ecuadoran army patrol seized a boat sailing the san miguel river and found 83 55-gallon barrels of acetone, which is used to process cocaine.  the boat\'s destination was apparently putumayo, colombia. one colombian and two ecuadoreans were arrested.   mexico    the federal judicial police has reported that approximately 6.5 tons of marijuana and a clandestine airstrip were found in san juan nepomuceno municipality in chihuahua state.  police arrested 20-year old jose antonio robles garcia and 30-year old jose guadaulupe benavides carbajold. the suspects had attempted to hide the marijuana in papaya shipments to the united states.    mexican drug agents have arrested u.s. citizen steven andrew henry for possession of 8 kg of cocaine.  the police found traces of cocaine when they searched his vehicle on a road near chetumal and when they went to his house on punta puntitic beach, south of cancun, they found 8 kg of cocaine.    federal judicial police agents have arrested five members of a drug trafficking gang and seized 1 kg of pure cocaine at a clandestine airstrip in ocampo municipality in coahuila state.  the police arrested abelica garcia sanchez, francisco vasquez sanchez, alfredo villareal guzman, jesus presas arredondo, and fernando quintela galindo.  the airstrip was being used to bring in drugs from colombia. the drugs were then unloaded and taken to the united states through santa elena, located 40 km from piedritas.    federal judicial police agents have arrested three u.s. citizens and a mexican who operated a clandestine laboratory to produce crack in puerto penasco, sonora state.  john murphy, diana foster, dany childres, and jose gonzalez oliva were arrested.    attorney general enrique alvarez del castillo reported in ixtapa on 20 april that the police seized 2.2 tons of pure cocaine when they arrested the members of a drug trafficking gang in caborca, sonora state.    the mexican police have dealt a huge blow to drug trafficking by seizing more than 1.5 tons of cocaine base during an operation in culiacan, sinaloa state.  drug agents arrested three members of the drug trafficking gang.    police in sonora, mexico seized 2,536 kg of pure cocaine, the largest seizure of the year so far, it was announced today.  at a news conference the authorities said that the cocaine was seized between 17 and 19 april near the town of caborca, where police discovered clandestine landing strips, presumably used by airplanes coming from colombia.  during a shootout between policemen and approximately 10 presumed drug traffickers, nine of the latter escaped and one was captured.  since president salinas de gortari took office in december 1988, mexican authorities have seized more than 45 tons of cocaine.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(477, 490, ' abelica garcia sanchez, francisco vasquez s', -0.18156301975250244), (477, 499, ' abelica garcia sanchez, francisco vasquez sanchez, alfredo villareal gu', -0.2863975763320923), (477, 500, ' abelica garcia sanchez, francisco vasquez sanchez, alfredo villareal guzman', -1.1742984056472778)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>following is a compilation of reports on drug seizures and arrests related to drug trafficking in bureau coverage area from 15 to 21 april. colombia    the colombian police today confiscated a 162 kg shipment of pure cocaine from the caribbean port of santa marta, magdalena department. the cocaine was to be shipped to genoa, italy, it was officially reported.    according to the port police commander major orlando reyes, this shipment is one of the largest confiscated in the past few months. last august the colombian government declared "war" on drug trafficking maffias.    the confiscation of the cocaine occurred as the colombian authorities were pursuing three sicilian gangsters who recently came to colombia to negotiate larger drug shipments to europe with the cartels.  ecuador    early on the morning of 20 april, an ecuadoran army patrol seized a boat sailing the san miguel river and found 83 55-gallon barrels of acetone, which is used to process cocaine.  the boat\'s destination was apparently putumayo, colombia. one colombian and two ecuadoreans were arrested.   mexico    the federal judicial police has reported that approximately 6.5 tons of marijuana and a clandestine airstrip were found in san juan nepomuceno municipality in chihuahua state.  police arrested 20-year old jose antonio robles garcia and 30-year old jose guadaulupe benavides carbajold. the suspects had attempted to hide the marijuana in papaya shipments to the united states.    mexican drug agents have arrested u.s. citizen steven andrew henry for possession of 8 kg of cocaine.  the police found traces of cocaine when they searched his vehicle on a road near chetumal and when they went to his house on punta puntitic beach, south of cancun, they found 8 kg of cocaine.    federal judicial police agents have arrested five members of a drug trafficking gang and seized 1 kg of pure cocaine at a clandestine airstrip in ocampo municipality in coahuila state.  the police arrested abelica garcia sanchez, francisco vasquez sanchez, alfredo villareal guzman, jesus presas arredondo, and fernando quintela galindo.  the airstrip was being used to bring in drugs from colombia. the drugs were then unloaded and taken to the united states through santa elena, located 40 km from piedritas.    federal judicial police agents have arrested three u.s. citizens and a mexican who operated a clandestine laboratory to produce crack in puerto penasco, sonora state.  john murphy, diana foster, dany childres, and jose gonzalez oliva were arrested.    attorney general enrique alvarez del castillo reported in ixtapa on 20 april that the police seized 2.2 tons of pure cocaine when they arrested the members of a drug trafficking gang in caborca, sonora state.    the mexican police have dealt a huge blow to drug trafficking by seizing more than 1.5 tons of cocaine base during an operation in culiacan, sinaloa state.  drug agents arrested three members of the drug trafficking gang.    police in sonora, mexico seized 2,536 kg of pure cocaine, the largest seizure of the year so far, it was announced today.  at a news conference the authorities said that the cocaine was seized between 17 and 19 april near the town of caborca, where police discovered clandestine landing strips, presumably used by airplanes coming from colombia.  during a shootout between policemen and approximately 10 presumed drug traffickers, nine of the latter escaped and one was captured.  since president salinas de gortari took office in december 1988, mexican authorities have seized more than 45 tons of cocaine.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(157, 162, ' three sicilian gang', 10.123382568359375), (157, 169, ' three sicilian gangsters who recently came to colomb', 6.61834716796875), (157, 180, ' three sicilian gangsters who recently came to colombia to negotiate larger drug shipments to europe with the', 6.4515604972839355)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>following is a compilation of reports on drug seizures and arrests related to drug trafficking in bureau coverage area from 15 to 21 april. colombia    the colombian police today confiscated a 162 kg shipment of pure cocaine from the caribbean port of santa marta, magdalena department. the cocaine was to be shipped to genoa, italy, it was officially reported.    according to the port police commander major orlando reyes, this shipment is one of the largest confiscated in the past few months. last august the colombian government declared "war" on drug trafficking maffias.    the confiscation of the cocaine occurred as the colombian authorities were pursuing three sicilian gangsters who recently came to colombia to negotiate larger drug shipments to europe with the cartels.  ecuador    early on the morning of 20 april, an ecuadoran army patrol seized a boat sailing the san miguel river and found 83 55-gallon barrels of acetone, which is used to process cocaine.  the boat\'s destination was apparently putumayo, colombia. one colombian and two ecuadoreans were arrested.   mexico    the federal judicial police has reported that approximately 6.5 tons of marijuana and a clandestine airstrip were found in san juan nepomuceno municipality in chihuahua state.  police arrested 20-year old jose antonio robles garcia and 30-year old jose guadaulupe benavides carbajold. the suspects had attempted to hide the marijuana in papaya shipments to the united states.    mexican drug agents have arrested u.s. citizen steven andrew henry for possession of 8 kg of cocaine.  the police found traces of cocaine when they searched his vehicle on a road near chetumal and when they went to his house on punta puntitic beach, south of cancun, they found 8 kg of cocaine.    federal judicial police agents have arrested five members of a drug trafficking gang and seized 1 kg of pure cocaine at a clandestine airstrip in ocampo municipality in coahuila state.  the police arrested abelica garcia sanchez, francisco vasquez sanchez, alfredo villareal guzman, jesus presas arredondo, and fernando quintela galindo.  the airstrip was being used to bring in drugs from colombia. the drugs were then unloaded and taken to the united states through santa elena, located 40 km from piedritas.    federal judicial police agents have arrested three u.s. citizens and a mexican who operated a clandestine laboratory to produce crack in puerto penasco, sonora state.  john murphy, diana foster, dany childres, and jose gonzalez oliva were arrested.    attorney general enrique alvarez del castillo reported in ixtapa on 20 april that the police seized 2.2 tons of pure cocaine when they arrested the members of a drug trafficking gang in caborca, sonora state.    the mexican police have dealt a huge blow to drug trafficking by seizing more than 1.5 tons of cocaine base during an operation in culiacan, sinaloa state.  drug agents arrested three members of the drug trafficking gang.    police in sonora, mexico seized 2,536 kg of pure cocaine, the largest seizure of the year so far, it was announced today.  at a news conference the authorities said that the cocaine was seized between 17 and 19 april near the town of caborca, where police discovered clandestine landing strips, presumably used by airplanes coming from colombia.  during a shootout between policemen and approximately 10 presumed drug traffickers, nine of the latter escaped and one was captured.  since president salinas de gortari took office in december 1988, mexican authorities have seized more than 45 tons of cocaine.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(247, 257, ' one colombian and two ecuadore', 3.765648603439331), (247, 259, ' one colombian and two ecuadoreans were', 1.2723989486694336), (247, 252, ' one colombian and', -0.4688241481781006)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>following is a compilation of reports on drug seizures and arrests related to drug trafficking in bureau coverage area from 15 to 21 april. colombia    the colombian police today confiscated a 162 kg shipment of pure cocaine from the caribbean port of santa marta, magdalena department. the cocaine was to be shipped to genoa, italy, it was officially reported.    according to the port police commander major orlando reyes, this shipment is one of the largest confiscated in the past few months. last august the colombian government declared "war" on drug trafficking maffias.    the confiscation of the cocaine occurred as the colombian authorities were pursuing three sicilian gangsters who recently came to colombia to negotiate larger drug shipments to europe with the cartels.  ecuador    early on the morning of 20 april, an ecuadoran army patrol seized a boat sailing the san miguel river and found 83 55-gallon barrels of acetone, which is used to process cocaine.  the boat\'s destination was apparently putumayo, colombia. one colombian and two ecuadoreans were arrested.   mexico    the federal judicial police has reported that approximately 6.5 tons of marijuana and a clandestine airstrip were found in san juan nepomuceno municipality in chihuahua state.  police arrested 20-year old jose antonio robles garcia and 30-year old jose guadaulupe benavides carbajold. the suspects had attempted to hide the marijuana in papaya shipments to the united states.    mexican drug agents have arrested u.s. citizen steven andrew henry for possession of 8 kg of cocaine.  the police found traces of cocaine when they searched his vehicle on a road near chetumal and when they went to his house on punta puntitic beach, south of cancun, they found 8 kg of cocaine.    federal judicial police agents have arrested five members of a drug trafficking gang and seized 1 kg of pure cocaine at a clandestine airstrip in ocampo municipality in coahuila state.  the police arrested abelica garcia sanchez, francisco vasquez sanchez, alfredo villareal guzman, jesus presas arredondo, and fernando quintela galindo.  the airstrip was being used to bring in drugs from colombia. the drugs were then unloaded and taken to the united states through santa elena, located 40 km from piedritas.    federal judicial police agents have arrested three u.s. citizens and a mexican who operated a clandestine laboratory to produce crack in puerto penasco, sonora state.  john murphy, diana foster, dany childres, and jose gonzalez oliva were arrested.    attorney general enrique alvarez del castillo reported in ixtapa on 20 april that the police seized 2.2 tons of pure cocaine when they arrested the members of a drug trafficking gang in caborca, sonora state.    the mexican police have dealt a huge blow to drug trafficking by seizing more than 1.5 tons of cocaine base during an operation in culiacan, sinaloa state.  drug agents arrested three members of the drug trafficking gang.    police in sonora, mexico seized 2,536 kg of pure cocaine, the largest seizure of the year so far, it was announced today.  at a news conference the authorities said that the cocaine was seized between 17 and 19 april near the town of caborca, where police discovered clandestine landing strips, presumably used by airplanes coming from colombia.  during a shootout between policemen and approximately 10 presumed drug traffickers, nine of the latter escaped and one was captured.  since president salinas de gortari took office in december 1988, mexican authorities have seized more than 45 tons of cocaine.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(793, 795, ' clandestine landing', -2.6304259300231934), (793, 805, ' clandestine landing strips, presumably used by airplanes coming from colomb', -3.3186774253845215), (793, 818, ' clandestine landing strips, presumably used by airplanes coming from colombia.  during a shootout between policemen and approximately 10 presumed drug', -3.403782367706299)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>good afternoon, we have just received a statement issued by president virgilio barco vargas concerning the murder of mr.  carlos pizarro leongomez.  the message reads as follows:    carlos pizarro's murder is a monstrous crime that has cut short the life of a man who had shown his will for peace and his commitment to colombia.  the crime was directed at hindering the development of the electoral process and destroying the reconciliation process that the government and m-19 (19 april movement) carefully constructed, surpassing many obstacles.  in this case, as in many others, this painful tragedy should serve to consolidate the ideals of peace and pluralism for which so many colombians have struggled -- one of them, carlos pizarro.  it should serve to reassert our repudiation of violence and our faith in democratic procedures.    further on the president's message notes:    pizarro's relatives and his followers know that the government, and i personally, feel strong wrath and sadness, but we will not be discouraged.  we will uphold the banners of reconciliation, pluralism, and the right to freely and peacefully express any idea.  we will also continue to unmask and combat enemies of peace.    the president adds in his message:    i interpret the desire of all colombians who admired carlos pizarro's democratic vocation, by warning those who are responsible for this tragic murder that they will not manage to destroy what has been worked for so hard and with the support of political forces and the people who voted for peace on 11 march to open a road for peace that is clear, possible, and defined.    the president's message continues:    you know that during this peace process, many enemies and difficulties were surpassed, but none has been so large as this tragedy that has shaken all colombians.  the obligation that lies before us is to keep open the road to peace that the murderers of carlos pizarro want to destroy.  article 95 of the electoral code indicates that when a presidential candidate dies, another person in his own movement has the right to take his place.  in compliance with this norm, the government will offer every facility for the registry of a new m-19 presidential candidate, so that he can continue to hoist the flags of peace and pluralism as is proper for a democratic debate.    the president also says in his message:    i have asked the government minister and the peace adviser to meet as soon as possible with m-19 representatives so that together they may study alternatives to confront such a serious situation. as soon as possible, the government minister will also direct contacts with the rest of the political forces to request their opinions about the present situation and to continue to give all the necessary guarantees so that the electoral process may develop according to what is established in the constitution and our laws.    the message ends:    i invite all colombians who are tired of so much violence to come to the polls in the next elections and vote for peace and pluralism. i invite all political and social forces to join in solidarity with the electoral process and defend the institutions that are threatened by violence.  it is time for good sense and prudence.  it is time to rise to the occasion and show our commitment to democracy.    this is the text of president virgilio barco's message on the murder mr. carlos pizarro leongomez.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(427, 433, ' murderers of carlos piz', 4.227847099304199), (427, 427, '', 3.705843925476074), (426, 433, ' the murderers of carlos piz', 2.9206204414367676)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>good afternoon, we have just received a statement issued by president virgilio barco vargas concerning the murder of mr.  carlos pizarro leongomez.  the message reads as follows:    carlos pizarro's murder is a monstrous crime that has cut short the life of a man who had shown his will for peace and his commitment to colombia.  the crime was directed at hindering the development of the electoral process and destroying the reconciliation process that the government and m-19 (19 april movement) carefully constructed, surpassing many obstacles.  in this case, as in many others, this painful tragedy should serve to consolidate the ideals of peace and pluralism for which so many colombians have struggled -- one of them, carlos pizarro.  it should serve to reassert our repudiation of violence and our faith in democratic procedures.    further on the president's message notes:    pizarro's relatives and his followers know that the government, and i personally, feel strong wrath and sadness, but we will not be discouraged.  we will uphold the banners of reconciliation, pluralism, and the right to freely and peacefully express any idea.  we will also continue to unmask and combat enemies of peace.    the president adds in his message:    i interpret the desire of all colombians who admired carlos pizarro's democratic vocation, by warning those who are responsible for this tragic murder that they will not manage to destroy what has been worked for so hard and with the support of political forces and the people who voted for peace on 11 march to open a road for peace that is clear, possible, and defined.    the president's message continues:    you know that during this peace process, many enemies and difficulties were surpassed, but none has been so large as this tragedy that has shaken all colombians.  the obligation that lies before us is to keep open the road to peace that the murderers of carlos pizarro want to destroy.  article 95 of the electoral code indicates that when a presidential candidate dies, another person in his own movement has the right to take his place.  in compliance with this norm, the government will offer every facility for the registry of a new m-19 presidential candidate, so that he can continue to hoist the flags of peace and pluralism as is proper for a democratic debate.    the president also says in his message:    i have asked the government minister and the peace adviser to meet as soon as possible with m-19 representatives so that together they may study alternatives to confront such a serious situation. as soon as possible, the government minister will also direct contacts with the rest of the political forces to request their opinions about the present situation and to continue to give all the necessary guarantees so that the electoral process may develop according to what is established in the constitution and our laws.    the message ends:    i invite all colombians who are tired of so much violence to come to the polls in the next elections and vote for peace and pluralism. i invite all political and social forces to join in solidarity with the electoral process and defend the institutions that are threatened by violence.  it is time for good sense and prudence.  it is time to rise to the occasion and show our commitment to democracy.    this is the text of president virgilio barco's message on the murder mr. carlos pizarro leongomez.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(720, 724, ' virgilio bar', 7.611359596252441), (720, 740, " virgilio barco's message on the murder mr. carlos pizarro leong", 5.291505813598633), (720, 741, " virgilio barco's message on the murder mr. carlos pizarro leongomez", 4.401733875274658)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>good afternoon, we have just received a statement issued by president virgilio barco vargas concerning the murder of mr.  carlos pizarro leongomez.  the message reads as follows:    carlos pizarro's murder is a monstrous crime that has cut short the life of a man who had shown his will for peace and his commitment to colombia.  the crime was directed at hindering the development of the electoral process and destroying the reconciliation process that the government and m-19 (19 april movement) carefully constructed, surpassing many obstacles.  in this case, as in many others, this painful tragedy should serve to consolidate the ideals of peace and pluralism for which so many colombians have struggled -- one of them, carlos pizarro.  it should serve to reassert our repudiation of violence and our faith in democratic procedures.    further on the president's message notes:    pizarro's relatives and his followers know that the government, and i personally, feel strong wrath and sadness, but we will not be discouraged.  we will uphold the banners of reconciliation, pluralism, and the right to freely and peacefully express any idea.  we will also continue to unmask and combat enemies of peace.    the president adds in his message:    i interpret the desire of all colombians who admired carlos pizarro's democratic vocation, by warning those who are responsible for this tragic murder that they will not manage to destroy what has been worked for so hard and with the support of political forces and the people who voted for peace on 11 march to open a road for peace that is clear, possible, and defined.    the president's message continues:    you know that during this peace process, many enemies and difficulties were surpassed, but none has been so large as this tragedy that has shaken all colombians.  the obligation that lies before us is to keep open the road to peace that the murderers of carlos pizarro want to destroy.  article 95 of the electoral code indicates that when a presidential candidate dies, another person in his own movement has the right to take his place.  in compliance with this norm, the government will offer every facility for the registry of a new m-19 presidential candidate, so that he can continue to hoist the flags of peace and pluralism as is proper for a democratic debate.    the president also says in his message:    i have asked the government minister and the peace adviser to meet as soon as possible with m-19 representatives so that together they may study alternatives to confront such a serious situation. as soon as possible, the government minister will also direct contacts with the rest of the political forces to request their opinions about the present situation and to continue to give all the necessary guarantees so that the electoral process may develop according to what is established in the constitution and our laws.    the message ends:    i invite all colombians who are tired of so much violence to come to the polls in the next elections and vote for peace and pluralism. i invite all political and social forces to join in solidarity with the electoral process and defend the institutions that are threatened by violence.  it is time for good sense and prudence.  it is time to rise to the occasion and show our commitment to democracy.    this is the text of president virgilio barco's message on the murder mr. carlos pizarro leongomez.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(97, 109, ' hindering the development of the electoral process and destroying the reconciliation', 5.978690147399902), (97, 124, ' hindering the development of the electoral process and destroying the reconciliation process that the government and m-19 (19 april movement) carefully', 4.8614420890808105), (97, 116, ' hindering the development of the electoral process and destroying the reconciliation process that the government and m-', 4.796905517578125)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>good afternoon, we have just received a statement issued by president virgilio barco vargas concerning the murder of mr.  carlos pizarro leongomez.  the message reads as follows:    carlos pizarro's murder is a monstrous crime that has cut short the life of a man who had shown his will for peace and his commitment to colombia.  the crime was directed at hindering the development of the electoral process and destroying the reconciliation process that the government and m-19 (19 april movement) carefully constructed, surpassing many obstacles.  in this case, as in many others, this painful tragedy should serve to consolidate the ideals of peace and pluralism for which so many colombians have struggled -- one of them, carlos pizarro.  it should serve to reassert our repudiation of violence and our faith in democratic procedures.    further on the president's message notes:    pizarro's relatives and his followers know that the government, and i personally, feel strong wrath and sadness, but we will not be discouraged.  we will uphold the banners of reconciliation, pluralism, and the right to freely and peacefully express any idea.  we will also continue to unmask and combat enemies of peace.    the president adds in his message:    i interpret the desire of all colombians who admired carlos pizarro's democratic vocation, by warning those who are responsible for this tragic murder that they will not manage to destroy what has been worked for so hard and with the support of political forces and the people who voted for peace on 11 march to open a road for peace that is clear, possible, and defined.    the president's message continues:    you know that during this peace process, many enemies and difficulties were surpassed, but none has been so large as this tragedy that has shaken all colombians.  the obligation that lies before us is to keep open the road to peace that the murderers of carlos pizarro want to destroy.  article 95 of the electoral code indicates that when a presidential candidate dies, another person in his own movement has the right to take his place.  in compliance with this norm, the government will offer every facility for the registry of a new m-19 presidential candidate, so that he can continue to hoist the flags of peace and pluralism as is proper for a democratic debate.    the president also says in his message:    i have asked the government minister and the peace adviser to meet as soon as possible with m-19 representatives so that together they may study alternatives to confront such a serious situation. as soon as possible, the government minister will also direct contacts with the rest of the political forces to request their opinions about the present situation and to continue to give all the necessary guarantees so that the electoral process may develop according to what is established in the constitution and our laws.    the message ends:    i invite all colombians who are tired of so much violence to come to the polls in the next elections and vote for peace and pluralism. i invite all political and social forces to join in solidarity with the electoral process and defend the institutions that are threatened by violence.  it is time for good sense and prudence.  it is time to rise to the occasion and show our commitment to democracy.    this is the text of president virgilio barco's message on the murder mr. carlos pizarro leongomez.</s>", 'start_gold': 130, 'end_gold': 149, 'gold': '.  in this case, as in many others, this painful tragedy should serve to consolidate the', 'candidates': [(729, 739, ' mr. carlos pizarro leong', 8.192071914672852), (729, 740, ' mr. carlos pizarro leongomez', 6.553962707519531), (729, 733, ' mr. car', 4.381120204925537)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>good afternoon, we have just received a statement issued by president virgilio barco vargas concerning the murder of mr.  carlos pizarro leongomez.  the message reads as follows:    carlos pizarro's murder is a monstrous crime that has cut short the life of a man who had shown his will for peace and his commitment to colombia.  the crime was directed at hindering the development of the electoral process and destroying the reconciliation process that the government and m-19 (19 april movement) carefully constructed, surpassing many obstacles.  in this case, as in many others, this painful tragedy should serve to consolidate the ideals of peace and pluralism for which so many colombians have struggled -- one of them, carlos pizarro.  it should serve to reassert our repudiation of violence and our faith in democratic procedures.    further on the president's message notes:    pizarro's relatives and his followers know that the government, and i personally, feel strong wrath and sadness, but we will not be discouraged.  we will uphold the banners of reconciliation, pluralism, and the right to freely and peacefully express any idea.  we will also continue to unmask and combat enemies of peace.    the president adds in his message:    i interpret the desire of all colombians who admired carlos pizarro's democratic vocation, by warning those who are responsible for this tragic murder that they will not manage to destroy what has been worked for so hard and with the support of political forces and the people who voted for peace on 11 march to open a road for peace that is clear, possible, and defined.    the president's message continues:    you know that during this peace process, many enemies and difficulties were surpassed, but none has been so large as this tragedy that has shaken all colombians.  the obligation that lies before us is to keep open the road to peace that the murderers of carlos pizarro want to destroy.  article 95 of the electoral code indicates that when a presidential candidate dies, another person in his own movement has the right to take his place.  in compliance with this norm, the government will offer every facility for the registry of a new m-19 presidential candidate, so that he can continue to hoist the flags of peace and pluralism as is proper for a democratic debate.    the president also says in his message:    i have asked the government minister and the peace adviser to meet as soon as possible with m-19 representatives so that together they may study alternatives to confront such a serious situation. as soon as possible, the government minister will also direct contacts with the rest of the political forces to request their opinions about the present situation and to continue to give all the necessary guarantees so that the electoral process may develop according to what is established in the constitution and our laws.    the message ends:    i invite all colombians who are tired of so much violence to come to the polls in the next elections and vote for peace and pluralism. i invite all political and social forces to join in solidarity with the electoral process and defend the institutions that are threatened by violence.  it is time for good sense and prudence.  it is time to rise to the occasion and show our commitment to democracy.    this is the text of president virgilio barco's message on the murder mr. carlos pizarro leongomez.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(271, 273, ' enemies of', 4.299357891082764), (271, 271, '', 3.7241711616516113), (271, 274, ' enemies of peace', -1.6376376152038574)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>guerrilla groups have reported 185 salvadoran armed forces casualties during clashes which occurred in the last few hours in six of the country\'s 14 departments, but the army claims that it only sustained 48 casualties in those clashes.    according to radio farabundo marti, a radio station of the guerrilla group, the casualties were sustained by the armed forces in clashes which occurred on 1 and 2 may and early this morning when several ambushes, attacks, and sabotage aimed at the economy were carried out in several places throughout the country.    radio farabundo marti has reported that the military actions, the largest since the rebel offensive in november 1989, which resulted in thousands of casualties, is part of the "with the workers and for democracy" military campaign.    the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln), which does not give details on its casualties, has said that the armed forces sustained 30 casualties in ilobasco, cabanas department, located approximately 55 km from san salvador.    nevertheless, according to military reports issued eight hours after the clashes in that town, the armed forces killed 11 guerrilla members and sustained six casualties.    radio farabundo marti has also reported that the guerrila forces caused 28 army casualties in clashes on 2 may in la laguna, chalatenango department, located approximately 90 km north of san salvador.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) admitted that the government troops sustained 11 casualties in these clashes, adding that they inflicted three casualties on the rebels.  coprefa also reported that 26 houses were damaged.    coprefa also reports that military actions have occurred in cabanas, la libertad, chalatenango, santa ana, la libertad, and san salvador departments during the past two days.  in some places the electrical systems were sabotaged, causing long blackouts.    the guerrilla forces\' general command issued a communique in san salvador on 2 may, stating that the military actions are in response to "the triumphant and arrogant attitude of the government and the military, for the fmln\'s alleged weakness, which precludes the negotiation process."    the communique reasserts their willingness to continue the negotiation process with the government to end a war which has lasted more than a decade.  the negotiation process is being undertaken with the mediation of un secretary general javier perez de cuellar.    perez de cuellar\'s special envoy, alvaro de soto, arrived in san salvador on 2 may as part of the negotiations.  he met with president alfredo cristiani and the national dialogue commission today, and later he will meet with other leaders.    guillermo ungo, secretary general of the social democratic national revolutionary movement (mnr), told acan-efe that opposition leaders could "possibly" meet with fmln delegates in mexico city to learn their views concerning the negotiations.    "the meeting will have an open agenda so that everyone\'s position can be heard and so that the role of the political parties in the negotiations can be determined," ungo said.</s>', 'start_gold': 9, 'end_gold': 23, 'gold': '</s>guerrilla groups have reported 185 salvadoran armed forces casualties during', 'candidates': [(514, 522, ' javier perez de cuell', 6.9239912033081055), (514, 523, ' javier perez de cuellar', 4.716145038604736), (514, 515, ' j', 2.2326841354370117)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>guerrilla groups have reported 185 salvadoran armed forces casualties during clashes which occurred in the last few hours in six of the country\'s 14 departments, but the army claims that it only sustained 48 casualties in those clashes.    according to radio farabundo marti, a radio station of the guerrilla group, the casualties were sustained by the armed forces in clashes which occurred on 1 and 2 may and early this morning when several ambushes, attacks, and sabotage aimed at the economy were carried out in several places throughout the country.    radio farabundo marti has reported that the military actions, the largest since the rebel offensive in november 1989, which resulted in thousands of casualties, is part of the "with the workers and for democracy" military campaign.    the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln), which does not give details on its casualties, has said that the armed forces sustained 30 casualties in ilobasco, cabanas department, located approximately 55 km from san salvador.    nevertheless, according to military reports issued eight hours after the clashes in that town, the armed forces killed 11 guerrilla members and sustained six casualties.    radio farabundo marti has also reported that the guerrila forces caused 28 army casualties in clashes on 2 may in la laguna, chalatenango department, located approximately 90 km north of san salvador.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) admitted that the government troops sustained 11 casualties in these clashes, adding that they inflicted three casualties on the rebels.  coprefa also reported that 26 houses were damaged.    coprefa also reports that military actions have occurred in cabanas, la libertad, chalatenango, santa ana, la libertad, and san salvador departments during the past two days.  in some places the electrical systems were sabotaged, causing long blackouts.    the guerrilla forces\' general command issued a communique in san salvador on 2 may, stating that the military actions are in response to "the triumphant and arrogant attitude of the government and the military, for the fmln\'s alleged weakness, which precludes the negotiation process."    the communique reasserts their willingness to continue the negotiation process with the government to end a war which has lasted more than a decade.  the negotiation process is being undertaken with the mediation of un secretary general javier perez de cuellar.    perez de cuellar\'s special envoy, alvaro de soto, arrived in san salvador on 2 may as part of the negotiations.  he met with president alfredo cristiani and the national dialogue commission today, and later he will meet with other leaders.    guillermo ungo, secretary general of the social democratic national revolutionary movement (mnr), told acan-efe that opposition leaders could "possibly" meet with fmln delegates in mexico city to learn their views concerning the negotiations.    "the meeting will have an open agenda so that everyone\'s position can be heard and so that the role of the political parties in the negotiations can be determined," ungo said.</s>', 'start_gold': 55, 'end_gold': 68, 'gold': '   according to radio farabundo marti, a radio', 'candidates': [(10, 12, 'guerrilla', 5.061953544616699), (10, 11, 'gu', 2.1836585998535156), (10, 21, 'guerrilla groups have reported 185 salvadoran armed forces', 1.9498796463012695)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>guerrilla groups have reported 185 salvadoran armed forces casualties during clashes which occurred in the last few hours in six of the country\'s 14 departments, but the army claims that it only sustained 48 casualties in those clashes.    according to radio farabundo marti, a radio station of the guerrilla group, the casualties were sustained by the armed forces in clashes which occurred on 1 and 2 may and early this morning when several ambushes, attacks, and sabotage aimed at the economy were carried out in several places throughout the country.    radio farabundo marti has reported that the military actions, the largest since the rebel offensive in november 1989, which resulted in thousands of casualties, is part of the "with the workers and for democracy" military campaign.    the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln), which does not give details on its casualties, has said that the armed forces sustained 30 casualties in ilobasco, cabanas department, located approximately 55 km from san salvador.    nevertheless, according to military reports issued eight hours after the clashes in that town, the armed forces killed 11 guerrilla members and sustained six casualties.    radio farabundo marti has also reported that the guerrila forces caused 28 army casualties in clashes on 2 may in la laguna, chalatenango department, located approximately 90 km north of san salvador.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) admitted that the government troops sustained 11 casualties in these clashes, adding that they inflicted three casualties on the rebels.  coprefa also reported that 26 houses were damaged.    coprefa also reports that military actions have occurred in cabanas, la libertad, chalatenango, santa ana, la libertad, and san salvador departments during the past two days.  in some places the electrical systems were sabotaged, causing long blackouts.    the guerrilla forces\' general command issued a communique in san salvador on 2 may, stating that the military actions are in response to "the triumphant and arrogant attitude of the government and the military, for the fmln\'s alleged weakness, which precludes the negotiation process."    the communique reasserts their willingness to continue the negotiation process with the government to end a war which has lasted more than a decade.  the negotiation process is being undertaken with the mediation of un secretary general javier perez de cuellar.    perez de cuellar\'s special envoy, alvaro de soto, arrived in san salvador on 2 may as part of the negotiations.  he met with president alfredo cristiani and the national dialogue commission today, and later he will meet with other leaders.    guillermo ungo, secretary general of the social democratic national revolutionary movement (mnr), told acan-efe that opposition leaders could "possibly" meet with fmln delegates in mexico city to learn their views concerning the negotiations.    "the meeting will have an open agenda so that everyone\'s position can be heard and so that the role of the political parties in the negotiations can be determined," ungo said.</s>', 'start_gold': 1628, 'end_gold': 1639, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(95, 106, ' several ambushes, attacks, and sabotage aimed at the', 3.394465923309326), (95, 115, ' several ambushes, attacks, and sabotage aimed at the economy were carried out in several places throughout the', 2.3852806091308594), (95, 116, ' several ambushes, attacks, and sabotage aimed at the economy were carried out in several places throughout the country', 0.8010443449020386)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>guerrilla groups have reported 185 salvadoran armed forces casualties during clashes which occurred in the last few hours in six of the country\'s 14 departments, but the army claims that it only sustained 48 casualties in those clashes.    according to radio farabundo marti, a radio station of the guerrilla group, the casualties were sustained by the armed forces in clashes which occurred on 1 and 2 may and early this morning when several ambushes, attacks, and sabotage aimed at the economy were carried out in several places throughout the country.    radio farabundo marti has reported that the military actions, the largest since the rebel offensive in november 1989, which resulted in thousands of casualties, is part of the "with the workers and for democracy" military campaign.    the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln), which does not give details on its casualties, has said that the armed forces sustained 30 casualties in ilobasco, cabanas department, located approximately 55 km from san salvador.    nevertheless, according to military reports issued eight hours after the clashes in that town, the armed forces killed 11 guerrilla members and sustained six casualties.    radio farabundo marti has also reported that the guerrila forces caused 28 army casualties in clashes on 2 may in la laguna, chalatenango department, located approximately 90 km north of san salvador.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) admitted that the government troops sustained 11 casualties in these clashes, adding that they inflicted three casualties on the rebels.  coprefa also reported that 26 houses were damaged.    coprefa also reports that military actions have occurred in cabanas, la libertad, chalatenango, santa ana, la libertad, and san salvador departments during the past two days.  in some places the electrical systems were sabotaged, causing long blackouts.    the guerrilla forces\' general command issued a communique in san salvador on 2 may, stating that the military actions are in response to "the triumphant and arrogant attitude of the government and the military, for the fmln\'s alleged weakness, which precludes the negotiation process."    the communique reasserts their willingness to continue the negotiation process with the government to end a war which has lasted more than a decade.  the negotiation process is being undertaken with the mediation of un secretary general javier perez de cuellar.    perez de cuellar\'s special envoy, alvaro de soto, arrived in san salvador on 2 may as part of the negotiations.  he met with president alfredo cristiani and the national dialogue commission today, and later he will meet with other leaders.    guillermo ungo, secretary general of the social democratic national revolutionary movement (mnr), told acan-efe that opposition leaders could "possibly" meet with fmln delegates in mexico city to learn their views concerning the negotiations.    "the meeting will have an open agenda so that everyone\'s position can be heard and so that the role of the political parties in the negotiations can be determined," ungo said.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(9, 20, 'guerrilla groups have reported 185 salvadoran armed forces', 0.5211657881736755), (9, 19, 'guerrilla groups have reported 185 salvadoran armed', -0.4791072607040405), (9, 11, 'guerrilla', -0.7169983386993408)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>guerrilla groups have reported 185 salvadoran armed forces casualties during clashes which occurred in the last few hours in six of the country\'s 14 departments, but the army claims that it only sustained 48 casualties in those clashes.    according to radio farabundo marti, a radio station of the guerrilla group, the casualties were sustained by the armed forces in clashes which occurred on 1 and 2 may and early this morning when several ambushes, attacks, and sabotage aimed at the economy were carried out in several places throughout the country.    radio farabundo marti has reported that the military actions, the largest since the rebel offensive in november 1989, which resulted in thousands of casualties, is part of the "with the workers and for democracy" military campaign.    the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln), which does not give details on its casualties, has said that the armed forces sustained 30 casualties in ilobasco, cabanas department, located approximately 55 km from san salvador.    nevertheless, according to military reports issued eight hours after the clashes in that town, the armed forces killed 11 guerrilla members and sustained six casualties.    radio farabundo marti has also reported that the guerrila forces caused 28 army casualties in clashes on 2 may in la laguna, chalatenango department, located approximately 90 km north of san salvador.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) admitted that the government troops sustained 11 casualties in these clashes, adding that they inflicted three casualties on the rebels.  coprefa also reported that 26 houses were damaged.    coprefa also reports that military actions have occurred in cabanas, la libertad, chalatenango, santa ana, la libertad, and san salvador departments during the past two days.  in some places the electrical systems were sabotaged, causing long blackouts.    the guerrilla forces\' general command issued a communique in san salvador on 2 may, stating that the military actions are in response to "the triumphant and arrogant attitude of the government and the military, for the fmln\'s alleged weakness, which precludes the negotiation process."    the communique reasserts their willingness to continue the negotiation process with the government to end a war which has lasted more than a decade.  the negotiation process is being undertaken with the mediation of un secretary general javier perez de cuellar.    perez de cuellar\'s special envoy, alvaro de soto, arrived in san salvador on 2 may as part of the negotiations.  he met with president alfredo cristiani and the national dialogue commission today, and later he will meet with other leaders.    guillermo ungo, secretary general of the social democratic national revolutionary movement (mnr), told acan-efe that opposition leaders could "possibly" meet with fmln delegates in mexico city to learn their views concerning the negotiations.    "the meeting will have an open agenda so that everyone\'s position can be heard and so that the role of the political parties in the negotiations can be determined," ungo said.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(515, 521, ' perez de cuell', 2.839097261428833), (515, 522, ' perez de cuellar', 0.5989722013473511), (515, 535, " perez de cuellar.    perez de cuellar's special", -0.39211416244506836)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>salvadoran president alfredo cristiani stated today that it would be no problem for the fourth penal judge, who is in charge of the case of the jesuits murdered by a group of soldiers, to order that cadets who are taking courses abroad return to the country.  it was recently reported that several officers who testified during these investigations are now attending training courses abroad.  it was also reported that the military school's registration book for persons entering or leaving the premises had been lost, including the pages that correspond to november 1989. today, cristiani talked about this matter and said the judge should continue to investigate and not just make statements concerning the problems.    (begin recording) (cristiani) i do not believe there is any problem in the officers returning to the country if a judge orders that they come to testify.  all that is required is for the judge to summon them; they would be brought to the country to testify and, after that, returned to their training courses.  groups of soldiers are frequently sent abroad to take training courses to make them more professional; this applies not only to personnel from the military school, but from all armed forces units.    concerning the other matter, the judge has to investigate it.  i believe that instead of just staying there, the judge should continue to search for evidence.  tell me, what is the difference if they are brought back from suchitoto or from the united states if they must testify before the judge?  there is no difference at all.  (end recording)    the president spoke today at the el salvador military airport before he left for costa rica to attend the inauguration ceremony of president-elect rafael calderon fournier.  he also said that the united states conditioning 50 percent of the aid given to our country could cause the rebel front to increase their actions.  he accused the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) of using dialogue for tactical reasons.    (begin recording) (cristiani) we have stated that an action of this type would be very untimely, as it could make the most radical fmln members decide to continue the war and, thus, hinder the dialogue process.    (reporter) however, (words indistinct) pressure government for them (words indistinct) with fmln.    (cristiani) i would ask the question: who has always showed goodwill and sincerely sought an agreement and who has not done this? history shows that in the past, the fmln has used the proposals by (jose napoleon) duarte's government and my own for tactical reasons. it has not been the governments.  i believe that the fmln must understand and be pressured to really search for a political solution. (end recording)    also today, the un secretary general authorized a spokesman to announce that talks between the government and fmln will be renewed on 16 may.  the panorama that surrounds this new encounter, however, presents an entirely different pattern from meetings in the past, because both sectors have met with political parties represented at the (word indistinct).  furthermore, although the government has not done the same with the country's social forces, the rebels will try to do so this week.  undoubtedly, the results that could be obtained from the dialogue could be much more important than those obtained during past negotiations, because almost all the sectors that have become involved, directly or indirectly, in the negotiating demand that the agreements attained be based on internal cooperation.</s>", 'start_gold': 175, 'end_gold': 189, 'gold': ' country if a judge orders that they come to testify.  all that', 'candidates': [(49, 52, ' a group of', 10.71755599975586), (49, 68, ' a group of soldiers, to order that cadets who are taking courses abroad return to the country', 4.393747806549072), (49, 63, ' a group of soldiers, to order that cadets who are taking courses', 4.258593559265137)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>salvadoran president alfredo cristiani stated today that it would be no problem for the fourth penal judge, who is in charge of the case of the jesuits murdered by a group of soldiers, to order that cadets who are taking courses abroad return to the country.  it was recently reported that several officers who testified during these investigations are now attending training courses abroad.  it was also reported that the military school's registration book for persons entering or leaving the premises had been lost, including the pages that correspond to november 1989. today, cristiani talked about this matter and said the judge should continue to investigate and not just make statements concerning the problems.    (begin recording) (cristiani) i do not believe there is any problem in the officers returning to the country if a judge orders that they come to testify.  all that is required is for the judge to summon them; they would be brought to the country to testify and, after that, returned to their training courses.  groups of soldiers are frequently sent abroad to take training courses to make them more professional; this applies not only to personnel from the military school, but from all armed forces units.    concerning the other matter, the judge has to investigate it.  i believe that instead of just staying there, the judge should continue to search for evidence.  tell me, what is the difference if they are brought back from suchitoto or from the united states if they must testify before the judge?  there is no difference at all.  (end recording)    the president spoke today at the el salvador military airport before he left for costa rica to attend the inauguration ceremony of president-elect rafael calderon fournier.  he also said that the united states conditioning 50 percent of the aid given to our country could cause the rebel front to increase their actions.  he accused the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) of using dialogue for tactical reasons.    (begin recording) (cristiani) we have stated that an action of this type would be very untimely, as it could make the most radical fmln members decide to continue the war and, thus, hinder the dialogue process.    (reporter) however, (words indistinct) pressure government for them (words indistinct) with fmln.    (cristiani) i would ask the question: who has always showed goodwill and sincerely sought an agreement and who has not done this? history shows that in the past, the fmln has used the proposals by (jose napoleon) duarte's government and my own for tactical reasons. it has not been the governments.  i believe that the fmln must understand and be pressured to really search for a political solution. (end recording)    also today, the un secretary general authorized a spokesman to announce that talks between the government and fmln will be renewed on 16 may.  the panorama that surrounds this new encounter, however, presents an entirely different pattern from meetings in the past, because both sectors have met with political parties represented at the (word indistinct).  furthermore, although the government has not done the same with the country's social forces, the rebels will try to do so this week.  undoubtedly, the results that could be obtained from the dialogue could be much more important than those obtained during past negotiations, because almost all the sectors that have become involved, directly or indirectly, in the negotiating demand that the agreements attained be based on internal cooperation.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(49, 52, ' a group of', 11.367086410522461), (49, 68, ' a group of soldiers, to order that cadets who are taking courses abroad return to the country', 4.913585662841797), (49, 53, ' a group of soldiers', 4.655758380889893)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>salvadoran president alfredo cristiani stated today that it would be no problem for the fourth penal judge, who is in charge of the case of the jesuits murdered by a group of soldiers, to order that cadets who are taking courses abroad return to the country.  it was recently reported that several officers who testified during these investigations are now attending training courses abroad.  it was also reported that the military school's registration book for persons entering or leaving the premises had been lost, including the pages that correspond to november 1989. today, cristiani talked about this matter and said the judge should continue to investigate and not just make statements concerning the problems.    (begin recording) (cristiani) i do not believe there is any problem in the officers returning to the country if a judge orders that they come to testify.  all that is required is for the judge to summon them; they would be brought to the country to testify and, after that, returned to their training courses.  groups of soldiers are frequently sent abroad to take training courses to make them more professional; this applies not only to personnel from the military school, but from all armed forces units.    concerning the other matter, the judge has to investigate it.  i believe that instead of just staying there, the judge should continue to search for evidence.  tell me, what is the difference if they are brought back from suchitoto or from the united states if they must testify before the judge?  there is no difference at all.  (end recording)    the president spoke today at the el salvador military airport before he left for costa rica to attend the inauguration ceremony of president-elect rafael calderon fournier.  he also said that the united states conditioning 50 percent of the aid given to our country could cause the rebel front to increase their actions.  he accused the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) of using dialogue for tactical reasons.    (begin recording) (cristiani) we have stated that an action of this type would be very untimely, as it could make the most radical fmln members decide to continue the war and, thus, hinder the dialogue process.    (reporter) however, (words indistinct) pressure government for them (words indistinct) with fmln.    (cristiani) i would ask the question: who has always showed goodwill and sincerely sought an agreement and who has not done this? history shows that in the past, the fmln has used the proposals by (jose napoleon) duarte's government and my own for tactical reasons. it has not been the governments.  i believe that the fmln must understand and be pressured to really search for a political solution. (end recording)    also today, the un secretary general authorized a spokesman to announce that talks between the government and fmln will be renewed on 16 may.  the panorama that surrounds this new encounter, however, presents an entirely different pattern from meetings in the past, because both sectors have met with political parties represented at the (word indistinct).  furthermore, although the government has not done the same with the country's social forces, the rebels will try to do so this week.  undoubtedly, the results that could be obtained from the dialogue could be much more important than those obtained during past negotiations, because almost all the sectors that have become involved, directly or indirectly, in the negotiating demand that the agreements attained be based on internal cooperation.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(519, 534, ' who has always showed goodwill and sincerely sought an agreement and who has not done', 1.7182912826538086), (519, 528, ' who has always showed goodwill and sincerely sought an', 1.1202127933502197), (519, 535, ' who has always showed goodwill and sincerely sought an agreement and who has not done this', 0.15361231565475464)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>salvadoran president alfredo cristiani stated today that it would be no problem for the fourth penal judge, who is in charge of the case of the jesuits murdered by a group of soldiers, to order that cadets who are taking courses abroad return to the country.  it was recently reported that several officers who testified during these investigations are now attending training courses abroad.  it was also reported that the military school's registration book for persons entering or leaving the premises had been lost, including the pages that correspond to november 1989. today, cristiani talked about this matter and said the judge should continue to investigate and not just make statements concerning the problems.    (begin recording) (cristiani) i do not believe there is any problem in the officers returning to the country if a judge orders that they come to testify.  all that is required is for the judge to summon them; they would be brought to the country to testify and, after that, returned to their training courses.  groups of soldiers are frequently sent abroad to take training courses to make them more professional; this applies not only to personnel from the military school, but from all armed forces units.    concerning the other matter, the judge has to investigate it.  i believe that instead of just staying there, the judge should continue to search for evidence.  tell me, what is the difference if they are brought back from suchitoto or from the united states if they must testify before the judge?  there is no difference at all.  (end recording)    the president spoke today at the el salvador military airport before he left for costa rica to attend the inauguration ceremony of president-elect rafael calderon fournier.  he also said that the united states conditioning 50 percent of the aid given to our country could cause the rebel front to increase their actions.  he accused the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) of using dialogue for tactical reasons.    (begin recording) (cristiani) we have stated that an action of this type would be very untimely, as it could make the most radical fmln members decide to continue the war and, thus, hinder the dialogue process.    (reporter) however, (words indistinct) pressure government for them (words indistinct) with fmln.    (cristiani) i would ask the question: who has always showed goodwill and sincerely sought an agreement and who has not done this? history shows that in the past, the fmln has used the proposals by (jose napoleon) duarte's government and my own for tactical reasons. it has not been the governments.  i believe that the fmln must understand and be pressured to really search for a political solution. (end recording)    also today, the un secretary general authorized a spokesman to announce that talks between the government and fmln will be renewed on 16 may.  the panorama that surrounds this new encounter, however, presents an entirely different pattern from meetings in the past, because both sectors have met with political parties represented at the (word indistinct).  furthermore, although the government has not done the same with the country's social forces, the rebels will try to do so this week.  undoubtedly, the results that could be obtained from the dialogue could be much more important than those obtained during past negotiations, because almost all the sectors that have become involved, directly or indirectly, in the negotiating demand that the agreements attained be based on internal cooperation.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(48, 51, ' a group of', 6.8542327880859375), (48, 62, ' a group of soldiers, to order that cadets who are taking courses', 2.810215950012207), (48, 67, ' a group of soldiers, to order that cadets who are taking courses abroad return to the country', 2.1381545066833496)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>salvadoran president alfredo cristiani stated today that it would be no problem for the fourth penal judge, who is in charge of the case of the jesuits murdered by a group of soldiers, to order that cadets who are taking courses abroad return to the country.  it was recently reported that several officers who testified during these investigations are now attending training courses abroad.  it was also reported that the military school's registration book for persons entering or leaving the premises had been lost, including the pages that correspond to november 1989. today, cristiani talked about this matter and said the judge should continue to investigate and not just make statements concerning the problems.    (begin recording) (cristiani) i do not believe there is any problem in the officers returning to the country if a judge orders that they come to testify.  all that is required is for the judge to summon them; they would be brought to the country to testify and, after that, returned to their training courses.  groups of soldiers are frequently sent abroad to take training courses to make them more professional; this applies not only to personnel from the military school, but from all armed forces units.    concerning the other matter, the judge has to investigate it.  i believe that instead of just staying there, the judge should continue to search for evidence.  tell me, what is the difference if they are brought back from suchitoto or from the united states if they must testify before the judge?  there is no difference at all.  (end recording)    the president spoke today at the el salvador military airport before he left for costa rica to attend the inauguration ceremony of president-elect rafael calderon fournier.  he also said that the united states conditioning 50 percent of the aid given to our country could cause the rebel front to increase their actions.  he accused the fmln (farabundo marti national liberation front) of using dialogue for tactical reasons.    (begin recording) (cristiani) we have stated that an action of this type would be very untimely, as it could make the most radical fmln members decide to continue the war and, thus, hinder the dialogue process.    (reporter) however, (words indistinct) pressure government for them (words indistinct) with fmln.    (cristiani) i would ask the question: who has always showed goodwill and sincerely sought an agreement and who has not done this? history shows that in the past, the fmln has used the proposals by (jose napoleon) duarte's government and my own for tactical reasons. it has not been the governments.  i believe that the fmln must understand and be pressured to really search for a political solution. (end recording)    also today, the un secretary general authorized a spokesman to announce that talks between the government and fmln will be renewed on 16 may.  the panorama that surrounds this new encounter, however, presents an entirely different pattern from meetings in the past, because both sectors have met with political parties represented at the (word indistinct).  furthermore, although the government has not done the same with the country's social forces, the rebels will try to do so this week.  undoubtedly, the results that could be obtained from the dialogue could be much more important than those obtained during past negotiations, because almost all the sectors that have become involved, directly or indirectly, in the negotiating demand that the agreements attained be based on internal cooperation.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(56, 62, ' cadets who are taking courses', -3.115269422531128), (56, 66, ' cadets who are taking courses abroad return to the', -4.238619804382324), (49, 51, ' group of', -1.5089166164398193)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>official sources have reported blackouts in many parts of the country because of guerrillas sabotaging the electric power system during the night of 31 may and the morning of 1 june.    according to a military bulletin, the guerrillas destroyed 12 electric poles and 2 power pylons in the central and western parts of the country in less than 12 hours.    in the eastern part of the country, the lempa river hydroelectric executive commission (cel) reported that one of the country's main power lines was out of service on the morning of 1 june because a number of pylons were destroyed.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that on the morning of 1 june guerrillas, using mortars and rifles, attacked a cel sub-station in the natividad canton in the western department of santa ana. there were no casualties, but the guerrillas had damaged a transformer.    on the morning of 1 june, there was a blackout throughout most of the capital caused by urban commandos of the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    the guerrillas have increased their activity on the first anniversary of president alfredo cristiani's government.  cristinai is scheduled to address the nation on 1 june to comment on his first year in office.    the army has increased its patrols aided by helicopters that overfly the capital city.    coprefa reported that one soldier was killed and seven were wounded on 1 june during an ambush of a military convoy near texistepeque, west of san salvador.    according to coprefa, another soldier was wounded in a guerrilla ambush against the elite bracamonte battalion on a highway in central el salvador.</s>", 'start_gold': 90, 'end_gold': 104, 'gold': ' eastern part of the country, the lempa river hydroelectric executive', 'candidates': [(24, 26, ' guerr', 2.9005770683288574), (24, 32, ' guerrillas sabotaging the electric power', -1.7651840448379517), (24, 46, ' guerrillas sabotaging the electric power system during the night of 31 may and the morning of 1 june', -2.159400463104248)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>official sources have reported blackouts in many parts of the country because of guerrillas sabotaging the electric power system during the night of 31 may and the morning of 1 june.    according to a military bulletin, the guerrillas destroyed 12 electric poles and 2 power pylons in the central and western parts of the country in less than 12 hours.    in the eastern part of the country, the lempa river hydroelectric executive commission (cel) reported that one of the country's main power lines was out of service on the morning of 1 june because a number of pylons were destroyed.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that on the morning of 1 june guerrillas, using mortars and rifles, attacked a cel sub-station in the natividad canton in the western department of santa ana. there were no casualties, but the guerrillas had damaged a transformer.    on the morning of 1 june, there was a blackout throughout most of the capital caused by urban commandos of the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    the guerrillas have increased their activity on the first anniversary of president alfredo cristiani's government.  cristinai is scheduled to address the nation on 1 june to comment on his first year in office.    the army has increased its patrols aided by helicopters that overfly the capital city.    coprefa reported that one soldier was killed and seven were wounded on 1 june during an ambush of a military convoy near texistepeque, west of san salvador.    according to coprefa, another soldier was wounded in a guerrilla ambush against the elite bracamonte battalion on a highway in central el salvador.</s>", 'start_gold': 997, 'end_gold': 1016, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(24, 26, ' guerr', 3.2970495223999023), (24, 32, ' guerrillas sabotaging the electric power', -0.8626036643981934), (24, 46, ' guerrillas sabotaging the electric power system during the night of 31 may and the morning of 1 june', -1.6191186904907227)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>official sources have reported blackouts in many parts of the country because of guerrillas sabotaging the electric power system during the night of 31 may and the morning of 1 june.    according to a military bulletin, the guerrillas destroyed 12 electric poles and 2 power pylons in the central and western parts of the country in less than 12 hours.    in the eastern part of the country, the lempa river hydroelectric executive commission (cel) reported that one of the country's main power lines was out of service on the morning of 1 june because a number of pylons were destroyed.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that on the morning of 1 june guerrillas, using mortars and rifles, attacked a cel sub-station in the natividad canton in the western department of santa ana. there were no casualties, but the guerrillas had damaged a transformer.    on the morning of 1 june, there was a blackout throughout most of the capital caused by urban commandos of the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    the guerrillas have increased their activity on the first anniversary of president alfredo cristiani's government.  cristinai is scheduled to address the nation on 1 june to comment on his first year in office.    the army has increased its patrols aided by helicopters that overfly the capital city.    coprefa reported that one soldier was killed and seven were wounded on 1 june during an ambush of a military convoy near texistepeque, west of san salvador.    according to coprefa, another soldier was wounded in a guerrilla ambush against the elite bracamonte battalion on a highway in central el salvador.</s>", 'start_gold': 256, 'end_gold': 268, 'gold': ' activity on the first anniversary of president alfredo crist', 'candidates': [(171, 190, ' a cel sub-station in the natividad canton in the western department of santa', -1.4082465171813965), (171, 175, ' a cel sub-', -1.4099047183990479), (171, 182, ' a cel sub-station in the natividad cant', -2.177610397338867)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>official sources have reported blackouts in many parts of the country because of guerrillas sabotaging the electric power system during the night of 31 may and the morning of 1 june.    according to a military bulletin, the guerrillas destroyed 12 electric poles and 2 power pylons in the central and western parts of the country in less than 12 hours.    in the eastern part of the country, the lempa river hydroelectric executive commission (cel) reported that one of the country's main power lines was out of service on the morning of 1 june because a number of pylons were destroyed.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that on the morning of 1 june guerrillas, using mortars and rifles, attacked a cel sub-station in the natividad canton in the western department of santa ana. there were no casualties, but the guerrillas had damaged a transformer.    on the morning of 1 june, there was a blackout throughout most of the capital caused by urban commandos of the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    the guerrillas have increased their activity on the first anniversary of president alfredo cristiani's government.  cristinai is scheduled to address the nation on 1 june to comment on his first year in office.    the army has increased its patrols aided by helicopters that overfly the capital city.    coprefa reported that one soldier was killed and seven were wounded on 1 june during an ambush of a military convoy near texistepeque, west of san salvador.    according to coprefa, another soldier was wounded in a guerrilla ambush against the elite bracamonte battalion on a highway in central el salvador.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(323, 330, ' one soldier was killed and seven were', 1.476318359375), (323, 341, ' one soldier was killed and seven were wounded on 1 june during an ambush of a military', -1.496781826019287), (323, 328, ' one soldier was killed and', -2.680285692214966)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>official sources have reported blackouts in many parts of the country because of guerrillas sabotaging the electric power system during the night of 31 may and the morning of 1 june.    according to a military bulletin, the guerrillas destroyed 12 electric poles and 2 power pylons in the central and western parts of the country in less than 12 hours.    in the eastern part of the country, the lempa river hydroelectric executive commission (cel) reported that one of the country's main power lines was out of service on the morning of 1 june because a number of pylons were destroyed.    the armed forces press committee (coprefa) reported that on the morning of 1 june guerrillas, using mortars and rifles, attacked a cel sub-station in the natividad canton in the western department of santa ana. there were no casualties, but the guerrillas had damaged a transformer.    on the morning of 1 june, there was a blackout throughout most of the capital caused by urban commandos of the farabundo marti national liberation front (fmln).    the guerrillas have increased their activity on the first anniversary of president alfredo cristiani's government.  cristinai is scheduled to address the nation on 1 june to comment on his first year in office.    the army has increased its patrols aided by helicopters that overfly the capital city.    coprefa reported that one soldier was killed and seven were wounded on 1 june during an ambush of a military convoy near texistepeque, west of san salvador.    according to coprefa, another soldier was wounded in a guerrilla ambush against the elite bracamonte battalion on a highway in central el salvador.</s>", 'start_gold': 699, 'end_gold': 711, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(160, 162, ' guerr', 11.450817108154297), (160, 168, ' guerrillas, using mortars and', 11.366823196411133), (160, 166, ' guerrillas, using mort', 7.74495267868042)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>cauhtemoc cardenas, national coordinator for the party of the democratic revolution (prd), said during a news conference on 7 june that the visit to mexico by salvadoran president alfredo cristiani is a visit by "a repressive ruler who oppresses a large sector of his people."    at the same news conference, prd senator porfiiro munoz ledo said that, as a sign of protest, his party will not attend the 8 june congressional session, which will be attended by cristiani. munoz, who is deputy for the federal district, said that "cristiani is the head of a repressive government that is guilty of flagrant human rights violations."    he said that "there is evidence that cristiani was involved in the murder of the six jesuit priests" which occurred on 16 november in san salvador.  he also referred to the "illegal" arrest on 31 may of mexican professor maria eugneia ochoa garcia, whom the salvadoran government accused of having connections with the salvadoran guerrillas.  she was released on 7 june.</s>', 'start_gold': 168, 'end_gold': 190, 'gold': 'there is evidence that cristiani was involved in the murder of the six jesuit priests" which occurred', 'candidates': [(242, 247, ' salvadoran guerr', 7.800410270690918), (242, 257, ' salvadoran guerrillas.  she was released on 7 june', 4.7184953689575195), (242, 248, ' salvadoran guerrillas', 4.718479156494141)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>cauhtemoc cardenas, national coordinator for the party of the democratic revolution (prd), said during a news conference on 7 june that the visit to mexico by salvadoran president alfredo cristiani is a visit by "a repressive ruler who oppresses a large sector of his people."    at the same news conference, prd senator porfiiro munoz ledo said that, as a sign of protest, his party will not attend the 8 june congressional session, which will be attended by cristiani. munoz, who is deputy for the federal district, said that "cristiani is the head of a repressive government that is guilty of flagrant human rights violations."    he said that "there is evidence that cristiani was involved in the murder of the six jesuit priests" which occurred on 16 november in san salvador.  he also referred to the "illegal" arrest on 31 may of mexican professor maria eugneia ochoa garcia, whom the salvadoran government accused of having connections with the salvadoran guerrillas.  she was released on 7 june.</s>', 'start_gold': 576, 'end_gold': 588, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(242, 247, ' salvadoran guerr', 11.996175765991211), (242, 257, ' salvadoran guerrillas.  she was released on 7 june', 8.247735977172852), (242, 248, ' salvadoran guerrillas', 8.24770736694336)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>cauhtemoc cardenas, national coordinator for the party of the democratic revolution (prd), said during a news conference on 7 june that the visit to mexico by salvadoran president alfredo cristiani is a visit by "a repressive ruler who oppresses a large sector of his people."    at the same news conference, prd senator porfiiro munoz ledo said that, as a sign of protest, his party will not attend the 8 june congressional session, which will be attended by cristiani. munoz, who is deputy for the federal district, said that "cristiani is the head of a repressive government that is guilty of flagrant human rights violations."    he said that "there is evidence that cristiani was involved in the murder of the six jesuit priests" which occurred on 16 november in san salvador.  he also referred to the "illegal" arrest on 31 may of mexican professor maria eugneia ochoa garcia, whom the salvadoran government accused of having connections with the salvadoran guerrillas.  she was released on 7 june.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(241, 246, ' salvadoran guerr', -0.9436209201812744), (241, 256, ' salvadoran guerrillas.  she was released on 7 june', -3.076120138168335), (241, 247, ' salvadoran guerrillas', -3.076374053955078)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>cauhtemoc cardenas, national coordinator for the party of the democratic revolution (prd), said during a news conference on 7 june that the visit to mexico by salvadoran president alfredo cristiani is a visit by "a repressive ruler who oppresses a large sector of his people."    at the same news conference, prd senator porfiiro munoz ledo said that, as a sign of protest, his party will not attend the 8 june congressional session, which will be attended by cristiani. munoz, who is deputy for the federal district, said that "cristiani is the head of a repressive government that is guilty of flagrant human rights violations."    he said that "there is evidence that cristiani was involved in the murder of the six jesuit priests" which occurred on 16 november in san salvador.  he also referred to the "illegal" arrest on 31 may of mexican professor maria eugneia ochoa garcia, whom the salvadoran government accused of having connections with the salvadoran guerrillas.  she was released on 7 june.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(181, 185, ' six jesuit', 12.72996711730957), (181, 186, ' six jesuit priests', 9.337666511535645), (181, 184, ' six jes', 6.778718948364258)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>cauhtemoc cardenas, national coordinator for the party of the democratic revolution (prd), said during a news conference on 7 june that the visit to mexico by salvadoran president alfredo cristiani is a visit by "a repressive ruler who oppresses a large sector of his people."    at the same news conference, prd senator porfiiro munoz ledo said that, as a sign of protest, his party will not attend the 8 june congressional session, which will be attended by cristiani. munoz, who is deputy for the federal district, said that "cristiani is the head of a repressive government that is guilty of flagrant human rights violations."    he said that "there is evidence that cristiani was involved in the murder of the six jesuit priests" which occurred on 16 november in san salvador.  he also referred to the "illegal" arrest on 31 may of mexican professor maria eugneia ochoa garcia, whom the salvadoran government accused of having connections with the salvadoran guerrillas.  she was released on 7 june.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(241, 246, ' salvadoran guerr', 7.452509880065918), (241, 256, ' salvadoran guerrillas.  she was released on 7 june', 4.310680866241455), (241, 247, ' salvadoran guerrillas', 4.31062126159668)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>police sources have reported that unidentified individuals planted a bomb in front of a mormon church in talcahuano district. the bomb, which exploded and caused property damage worth 50,000 pesos, was placed at a chapel of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints located at no 3856 gomez carreno street.    the shock wave destroyed a wall, the roof, and the windows of the church, but did not cause any injuries.    carabineros bomb squad personnel immediately went to the location and discovered that the bomb was made of 50 grams of an-fo (ammonium nitrate-fuel oil blasting agents) and a slow fuse.    carabineros special forces soon raided a large area to try to arrest those responsible for the attack, but they were unsuccessful.    the police have already informed the appropriate authorities, that is, the national prosecutor and the talcahuano criminal court, of this attack.</s>', 'start_gold': 43, 'end_gold': 57, 'gold': ' worth 50,000 pesos, was placed at a chapel of the', 'candidates': [(15, 15, '', 7.564460754394531), (15, 16, ' unidentified', 7.041412353515625), (15, 19, ' unidentified individuals planted a', 4.079904079437256)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>police sources have reported that unidentified individuals planted a bomb in front of a mormon church in talcahuano district. the bomb, which exploded and caused property damage worth 50,000 pesos, was placed at a chapel of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints located at no 3856 gomez carreno street.    the shock wave destroyed a wall, the roof, and the windows of the church, but did not cause any injuries.    carabineros bomb squad personnel immediately went to the location and discovered that the bomb was made of 50 grams of an-fo (ammonium nitrate-fuel oil blasting agents) and a slow fuse.    carabineros special forces soon raided a large area to try to arrest those responsible for the attack, but they were unsuccessful.    the police have already informed the appropriate authorities, that is, the national prosecutor and the talcahuano criminal court, of this attack.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(15, 16, ' unidentified', 7.817660331726074), (15, 15, '', 5.8362932205200195), (15, 19, ' unidentified individuals planted a', 3.6431548595428467)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>police sources have reported that unidentified individuals planted a bomb in front of a mormon church in talcahuano district. the bomb, which exploded and caused property damage worth 50,000 pesos, was placed at a chapel of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints located at no 3856 gomez carreno street.    the shock wave destroyed a wall, the roof, and the windows of the church, but did not cause any injuries.    carabineros bomb squad personnel immediately went to the location and discovered that the bomb was made of 50 grams of an-fo (ammonium nitrate-fuel oil blasting agents) and a slow fuse.    carabineros special forces soon raided a large area to try to arrest those responsible for the attack, but they were unsuccessful.    the police have already informed the appropriate authorities, that is, the national prosecutor and the talcahuano criminal court, of this attack.</s>', 'start_gold': 96, 'end_gold': 109, 'gold': ' the church, but did not cause any injuries.   ', 'candidates': [(14, 25, ' unidentified individuals planted a bomb in front of a mormon', -0.607718825340271), (14, 15, ' unidentified', -0.6993493437767029), (14, 31, ' unidentified individuals planted a bomb in front of a mormon church in talcahuano', -1.3818236589431763)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>police sources have reported that unidentified individuals planted a bomb in front of a mormon church in talcahuano district. the bomb, which exploded and caused property damage worth 50,000 pesos, was placed at a chapel of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints located at no 3856 gomez carreno street.    the shock wave destroyed a wall, the roof, and the windows of the church, but did not cause any injuries.    carabineros bomb squad personnel immediately went to the location and discovered that the bomb was made of 50 grams of an-fo (ammonium nitrate-fuel oil blasting agents) and a slow fuse.    carabineros special forces soon raided a large area to try to arrest those responsible for the attack, but they were unsuccessful.    the police have already informed the appropriate authorities, that is, the national prosecutor and the talcahuano criminal court, of this attack.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(14, 15, ' unidentified', 0.7209886908531189), (14, 25, ' unidentified individuals planted a bomb in front of a mormon', -1.3111674785614014), (14, 31, ' unidentified individuals planted a bomb in front of a mormon church in talcahuano', -1.5642149448394775)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>police sources have reported that unidentified individuals planted a bomb in front of a mormon church in talcahuano district. the bomb, which exploded and caused property damage worth 50,000 pesos, was placed at a chapel of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints located at no 3856 gomez carreno street.    the shock wave destroyed a wall, the roof, and the windows of the church, but did not cause any injuries.    carabineros bomb squad personnel immediately went to the location and discovered that the bomb was made of 50 grams of an-fo (ammonium nitrate-fuel oil blasting agents) and a slow fuse.    carabineros special forces soon raided a large area to try to arrest those responsible for the attack, but they were unsuccessful.    the police have already informed the appropriate authorities, that is, the national prosecutor and the talcahuano criminal court, of this attack.</s>', 'start_gold': 77, 'end_gold': 88, 'gold': ' street.    the shock wave destroyed a wall', 'candidates': [(135, 144, 'ammonium nitrate-fuel oil blasting', 13.313993453979492), (135, 145, 'ammonium nitrate-fuel oil blasting agents', 10.859818458557129), (135, 149, 'ammonium nitrate-fuel oil blasting agents) and a slow', 10.48434829711914)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the prosecutor of the military court trying the people responsible for the killing of 124 inmates accused of terrorist activities held in the lurigancho prison on 19 june 1986 has asked for 25 years imprisonment for the person responsible for the killing.    prosecutor juan carbone herrera requested the 25 years imprisonment for general rolando cabezas alarcon of the republican guard "for ordering the shooting of 124 of the san pedro prison inmates (lurigancho)."    the lima daily expreso said that the prosecutor disclosed that "after they surrendered, the inmates who had been rioting in the industrial wing of the prison were forced out through a hole in the wall to the back yard, where they were murdered by troops under the command of republican guard lieutenant oswaldo marquina."    on orders from gen cabezas, lt marquina and the men under his command opened fire on the inmates, who were killed almost instantly.    prosecutor carbone asked 15 years for marquina, who alone killed 22 inmates. (passage omitted)    according to carbone, no measures were taken to make the inmates stop rioting, nor was an operation planned to regain control over inmates, and the killing was not stopped by the officers who were there.    prosecutor carbone also requested 6 years for general jorge rabanal, who was in charge of the operation, "because he could have prevented the massacre had he coordinated actions with gen cabezas."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(28, 29, ' terrorist', 2.789498805999756), (28, 37, ' terrorist activities held in the lurigancho', 0.5605759620666504), (28, 28, '', -1.0268199443817139)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the prosecutor of the military court trying the people responsible for the killing of 124 inmates accused of terrorist activities held in the lurigancho prison on 19 june 1986 has asked for 25 years imprisonment for the person responsible for the killing.    prosecutor juan carbone herrera requested the 25 years imprisonment for general rolando cabezas alarcon of the republican guard "for ordering the shooting of 124 of the san pedro prison inmates (lurigancho)."    the lima daily expreso said that the prosecutor disclosed that "after they surrendered, the inmates who had been rioting in the industrial wing of the prison were forced out through a hole in the wall to the back yard, where they were murdered by troops under the command of republican guard lieutenant oswaldo marquina."    on orders from gen cabezas, lt marquina and the men under his command opened fire on the inmates, who were killed almost instantly.    prosecutor carbone asked 15 years for marquina, who alone killed 22 inmates. (passage omitted)    according to carbone, no measures were taken to make the inmates stop rioting, nor was an operation planned to regain control over inmates, and the killing was not stopped by the officers who were there.    prosecutor carbone also requested 6 years for general jorge rabanal, who was in charge of the operation, "because he could have prevented the massacre had he coordinated actions with gen cabezas."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(28, 29, ' terrorist', 11.230438232421875), (28, 28, '', 8.556424140930176), (28, 37, ' terrorist activities held in the lurigancho', 6.561550140380859)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the prosecutor of the military court trying the people responsible for the killing of 124 inmates accused of terrorist activities held in the lurigancho prison on 19 june 1986 has asked for 25 years imprisonment for the person responsible for the killing.    prosecutor juan carbone herrera requested the 25 years imprisonment for general rolando cabezas alarcon of the republican guard "for ordering the shooting of 124 of the san pedro prison inmates (lurigancho)."    the lima daily expreso said that the prosecutor disclosed that "after they surrendered, the inmates who had been rioting in the industrial wing of the prison were forced out through a hole in the wall to the back yard, where they were murdered by troops under the command of republican guard lieutenant oswaldo marquina."    on orders from gen cabezas, lt marquina and the men under his command opened fire on the inmates, who were killed almost instantly.    prosecutor carbone asked 15 years for marquina, who alone killed 22 inmates. (passage omitted)    according to carbone, no measures were taken to make the inmates stop rioting, nor was an operation planned to regain control over inmates, and the killing was not stopped by the officers who were there.    prosecutor carbone also requested 6 years for general jorge rabanal, who was in charge of the operation, "because he could have prevented the massacre had he coordinated actions with gen cabezas."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(23, 28, ' 124 inmates accused of terrorist', -1.1245681047439575), (23, 36, ' 124 inmates accused of terrorist activities held in the lurigancho', -1.9653387069702148), (23, 24, ' 124', -1.9795446395874023)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the prosecutor of the military court trying the people responsible for the killing of 124 inmates accused of terrorist activities held in the lurigancho prison on 19 june 1986 has asked for 25 years imprisonment for the person responsible for the killing.    prosecutor juan carbone herrera requested the 25 years imprisonment for general rolando cabezas alarcon of the republican guard "for ordering the shooting of 124 of the san pedro prison inmates (lurigancho)."    the lima daily expreso said that the prosecutor disclosed that "after they surrendered, the inmates who had been rioting in the industrial wing of the prison were forced out through a hole in the wall to the back yard, where they were murdered by troops under the command of republican guard lieutenant oswaldo marquina."    on orders from gen cabezas, lt marquina and the men under his command opened fire on the inmates, who were killed almost instantly.    prosecutor carbone asked 15 years for marquina, who alone killed 22 inmates. (passage omitted)    according to carbone, no measures were taken to make the inmates stop rioting, nor was an operation planned to regain control over inmates, and the killing was not stopped by the officers who were there.    prosecutor carbone also requested 6 years for general jorge rabanal, who was in charge of the operation, "because he could have prevented the massacre had he coordinated actions with gen cabezas."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(128, 153, ' inmates who had been rioting in the industrial wing of the prison were forced out through a hole in the wall to the back', 3.304516077041626), (128, 128, '', 3.1265718936920166), (128, 133, ' inmates who had been riot', 3.0275678634643555)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the prosecutor of the military court trying the people responsible for the killing of 124 inmates accused of terrorist activities held in the lurigancho prison on 19 june 1986 has asked for 25 years imprisonment for the person responsible for the killing.    prosecutor juan carbone herrera requested the 25 years imprisonment for general rolando cabezas alarcon of the republican guard "for ordering the shooting of 124 of the san pedro prison inmates (lurigancho)."    the lima daily expreso said that the prosecutor disclosed that "after they surrendered, the inmates who had been rioting in the industrial wing of the prison were forced out through a hole in the wall to the back yard, where they were murdered by troops under the command of republican guard lieutenant oswaldo marquina."    on orders from gen cabezas, lt marquina and the men under his command opened fire on the inmates, who were killed almost instantly.    prosecutor carbone asked 15 years for marquina, who alone killed 22 inmates. (passage omitted)    according to carbone, no measures were taken to make the inmates stop rioting, nor was an operation planned to regain control over inmates, and the killing was not stopped by the officers who were there.    prosecutor carbone also requested 6 years for general jorge rabanal, who was in charge of the operation, "because he could have prevented the massacre had he coordinated actions with gen cabezas."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(167, 172, ' lieutenant oswaldo marqu', 3.692446231842041), (167, 194, ' lieutenant oswaldo marquina."    on orders from gen cabezas, lt marquina and the men under his', 0.9090601205825806), (167, 183, ' lieutenant oswaldo marquina."    on orders from gen cabez', 0.6404038071632385)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>today peruvian military officials established a curfew in tingo maria because of the strike by peasants and coca growers to protest the destruction of their coca fields.    since 20 august the strikers have been blocking the road linking huanuco with tingo maria, huanuco department, in the northern jungle where there is drug traffic activity.    the strikers also blocked the marginal de la selva highway, isolating tocache, uchiza, juanjui, and aucayacu, which are well-known centers for drug trafficking.    the strike is supported by the shining path, according to reports disclosed in lima today.    the coca growers oppose the use of the herbicide called "spike," which the government is planning to use to destroy the clandestine coca plantations.    according to unofficial sources, a group of terrorists linked to drug trafficking reportedly wounded a police officer in an attack on a police helicopter. terrorists also attacked a civil guard post in nuevo progreso, north of tingo maria, ucayali department.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(198, 202, ' terrorists linked to drug', 8.365869522094727), (198, 198, '', 7.160209655761719), (198, 214, ' terrorists linked to drug trafficking reportedly wounded a police officer in an attack on a police', 2.9123806953430176)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>today peruvian military officials established a curfew in tingo maria because of the strike by peasants and coca growers to protest the destruction of their coca fields.    since 20 august the strikers have been blocking the road linking huanuco with tingo maria, huanuco department, in the northern jungle where there is drug traffic activity.    the strikers also blocked the marginal de la selva highway, isolating tocache, uchiza, juanjui, and aucayacu, which are well-known centers for drug trafficking.    the strike is supported by the shining path, according to reports disclosed in lima today.    the coca growers oppose the use of the herbicide called "spike," which the government is planning to use to destroy the clandestine coca plantations.    according to unofficial sources, a group of terrorists linked to drug trafficking reportedly wounded a police officer in an attack on a police helicopter. terrorists also attacked a civil guard post in nuevo progreso, north of tingo maria, ucayali department.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(198, 202, ' terrorists linked to drug', 8.609563827514648), (198, 198, '', 6.842512130737305), (198, 214, ' terrorists linked to drug trafficking reportedly wounded a police officer in an attack on a police', 2.586345672607422)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>today peruvian military officials established a curfew in tingo maria because of the strike by peasants and coca growers to protest the destruction of their coca fields.    since 20 august the strikers have been blocking the road linking huanuco with tingo maria, huanuco department, in the northern jungle where there is drug traffic activity.    the strikers also blocked the marginal de la selva highway, isolating tocache, uchiza, juanjui, and aucayacu, which are well-known centers for drug trafficking.    the strike is supported by the shining path, according to reports disclosed in lima today.    the coca growers oppose the use of the herbicide called "spike," which the government is planning to use to destroy the clandestine coca plantations.    according to unofficial sources, a group of terrorists linked to drug trafficking reportedly wounded a police officer in an attack on a police helicopter. terrorists also attacked a civil guard post in nuevo progreso, north of tingo maria, ucayali department.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(215, 241, ' terrorists also attacked a civil guard post in nuevo progreso, north of tingo maria, ucayali', 0.5200424194335938), (215, 221, ' terrorists also attacked a civil guard', -0.36540859937667847), (215, 242, ' terrorists also attacked a civil guard post in nuevo progreso, north of tingo maria, ucayali department', -1.3298354148864746)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>today peruvian military officials established a curfew in tingo maria because of the strike by peasants and coca growers to protest the destruction of their coca fields.    since 20 august the strikers have been blocking the road linking huanuco with tingo maria, huanuco department, in the northern jungle where there is drug traffic activity.    the strikers also blocked the marginal de la selva highway, isolating tocache, uchiza, juanjui, and aucayacu, which are well-known centers for drug trafficking.    the strike is supported by the shining path, according to reports disclosed in lima today.    the coca growers oppose the use of the herbicide called "spike," which the government is planning to use to destroy the clandestine coca plantations.    according to unofficial sources, a group of terrorists linked to drug trafficking reportedly wounded a police officer in an attack on a police helicopter. terrorists also attacked a civil guard post in nuevo progreso, north of tingo maria, ucayali department.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(194, 213, ' a group of terrorists linked to drug trafficking reportedly wounded a police officer in an attack on a police', 1.6238813400268555), (194, 206, ' a group of terrorists linked to drug trafficking reportedly wounded a police', 1.2971224784851074), (194, 214, ' a group of terrorists linked to drug trafficking reportedly wounded a police officer in an attack on a police helicopter', -0.01612645387649536)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>today peruvian military officials established a curfew in tingo maria because of the strike by peasants and coca growers to protest the destruction of their coca fields.    since 20 august the strikers have been blocking the road linking huanuco with tingo maria, huanuco department, in the northern jungle where there is drug traffic activity.    the strikers also blocked the marginal de la selva highway, isolating tocache, uchiza, juanjui, and aucayacu, which are well-known centers for drug trafficking.    the strike is supported by the shining path, according to reports disclosed in lima today.    the coca growers oppose the use of the herbicide called "spike," which the government is planning to use to destroy the clandestine coca plantations.    according to unofficial sources, a group of terrorists linked to drug trafficking reportedly wounded a police officer in an attack on a police helicopter. terrorists also attacked a civil guard post in nuevo progreso, north of tingo maria, ucayali department.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(197, 197, '', 6.252935886383057), (197, 213, ' terrorists linked to drug trafficking reportedly wounded a police officer in an attack on a police', 3.1101605892181396), (197, 201, ' terrorists linked to drug', 2.6922190189361572)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the military court upheld the indictment of felipe sandoval, youth sector president of the christian democratic party, who was tried for offending carabineros.  the military court also decided to release sandoval on bail. he was arrested on 17 august. the court decision was 3 to 1.    also today, military prosecutor fernando torres silva met with supreme court president luis maldonado for 30 minutes to discuss several issues related to cases under torres' jurisdiction, such as the attack on general pinochet and the kidnapping of colonel carreno.    it was learned that torres officially submitted a request for the extradition of three chileans arrested near buenos aires, who are reportedly linked to the kidnapping of col carreno. the supreme court must now process that request.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(37, 39, ' carabin', 6.110825538635254), (37, 40, ' carabineros', 2.734778881072998), (37, 37, '', -0.9342014789581299)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the military court upheld the indictment of felipe sandoval, youth sector president of the christian democratic party, who was tried for offending carabineros.  the military court also decided to release sandoval on bail. he was arrested on 17 august. the court decision was 3 to 1.    also today, military prosecutor fernando torres silva met with supreme court president luis maldonado for 30 minutes to discuss several issues related to cases under torres' jurisdiction, such as the attack on general pinochet and the kidnapping of colonel carreno.    it was learned that torres officially submitted a request for the extradition of three chileans arrested near buenos aires, who are reportedly linked to the kidnapping of col carreno. the supreme court must now process that request.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(37, 39, ' carabin', 9.324141502380371), (37, 40, ' carabineros', 5.381448745727539), (37, 37, '', 1.451857089996338)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the military court upheld the indictment of felipe sandoval, youth sector president of the christian democratic party, who was tried for offending carabineros.  the military court also decided to release sandoval on bail. he was arrested on 17 august. the court decision was 3 to 1.    also today, military prosecutor fernando torres silva met with supreme court president luis maldonado for 30 minutes to discuss several issues related to cases under torres' jurisdiction, such as the attack on general pinochet and the kidnapping of colonel carreno.    it was learned that torres officially submitted a request for the extradition of three chileans arrested near buenos aires, who are reportedly linked to the kidnapping of col carreno. the supreme court must now process that request.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(117, 127, ' general pinochet and the kidnapping of colonel carren', 5.775713920593262), (117, 119, ' general pin', 4.275345802307129), (117, 128, ' general pinochet and the kidnapping of colonel carreno', 2.8888111114501953)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the military court upheld the indictment of felipe sandoval, youth sector president of the christian democratic party, who was tried for offending carabineros.  the military court also decided to release sandoval on bail. he was arrested on 17 august. the court decision was 3 to 1.    also today, military prosecutor fernando torres silva met with supreme court president luis maldonado for 30 minutes to discuss several issues related to cases under torres' jurisdiction, such as the attack on general pinochet and the kidnapping of colonel carreno.    it was learned that torres officially submitted a request for the extradition of three chileans arrested near buenos aires, who are reportedly linked to the kidnapping of col carreno. the supreme court must now process that request.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(117, 127, ' general pinochet and the kidnapping of colonel carren', 8.716943740844727), (117, 119, ' general pin', 7.080087661743164), (117, 128, ' general pinochet and the kidnapping of colonel carreno', 6.208680152893066)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the military court upheld the indictment of felipe sandoval, youth sector president of the christian democratic party, who was tried for offending carabineros.  the military court also decided to release sandoval on bail. he was arrested on 17 august. the court decision was 3 to 1.    also today, military prosecutor fernando torres silva met with supreme court president luis maldonado for 30 minutes to discuss several issues related to cases under torres' jurisdiction, such as the attack on general pinochet and the kidnapping of colonel carreno.    it was learned that torres officially submitted a request for the extradition of three chileans arrested near buenos aires, who are reportedly linked to the kidnapping of col carreno. the supreme court must now process that request.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(36, 38, ' carabin', 7.639716148376465), (36, 39, ' carabineros', 2.108505964279175), (36, 36, '', -0.4059629440307617)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>aminta platero was killed when her car was hit by another car driven by former deputy public security minister rinaldo golcher. at the time of the accident, golcher was accompanied by u.s. military attache angel menendez. the incident occurred at 0100 on 26 august at the intersection of west 1st street and north 51st avenue. col golcher was supposedly in israel where he was sent as the salvadoran government's military attache; however, the well-known leader of the death squads was seen at 0100 in downtown san salvador accompanied by none other than the u.s. military representative in our country. this happened only hours after colonel (adolfo arnoldo) majano's bodyguards were murdered.    the circumstances surrounding this incident raise several questions. what were these two soldiers doing at 0100? where were golcher's bodyguards? where were his companion's bodyguards? the two men were probably returning from a corruption center, a night club--one of those exclusive clubs where the u.s. advisers and other u.s. and salvadoran government officials spend the dollars they steal from the funds allotted to el salvador and where they plan crimes against the people.    much more could be said; however, the truth is that the incident was no mere accident. mrs platero is another victim of the madness affecting an army directed by u.s.  advisers. there is not much difference between this incident and the hurling of a grenade by a soldier driven crazy by the psychological terrorism practiced by the army advisers and chiefs. there is no doubt in our minds that golcher will not be tried for this new crime, just as he has not been tried for the many crimes he has been responsible for as chief of the repressive corps and death squads.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(229, 245, ' u.s. advisers and other u.s. and salvadoran government', 4.773707389831543), (229, 244, ' u.s. advisers and other u.s. and salvadoran', 0.5965285301208496), (229, 233, ' u.s.', 0.4772557020187378)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>aminta platero was killed when her car was hit by another car driven by former deputy public security minister rinaldo golcher. at the time of the accident, golcher was accompanied by u.s. military attache angel menendez. the incident occurred at 0100 on 26 august at the intersection of west 1st street and north 51st avenue. col golcher was supposedly in israel where he was sent as the salvadoran government's military attache; however, the well-known leader of the death squads was seen at 0100 in downtown san salvador accompanied by none other than the u.s. military representative in our country. this happened only hours after colonel (adolfo arnoldo) majano's bodyguards were murdered.    the circumstances surrounding this incident raise several questions. what were these two soldiers doing at 0100? where were golcher's bodyguards? where were his companion's bodyguards? the two men were probably returning from a corruption center, a night club--one of those exclusive clubs where the u.s. advisers and other u.s. and salvadoran government officials spend the dollars they steal from the funds allotted to el salvador and where they plan crimes against the people.    much more could be said; however, the truth is that the incident was no mere accident. mrs platero is another victim of the madness affecting an army directed by u.s.  advisers. there is not much difference between this incident and the hurling of a grenade by a soldier driven crazy by the psychological terrorism practiced by the army advisers and chiefs. there is no doubt in our minds that golcher will not be tried for this new crime, just as he has not been tried for the many crimes he has been responsible for as chief of the repressive corps and death squads.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(241, 245, ' salvadoran government', 9.148714065551758), (241, 244, ' salvadoran', 6.023007392883301), (241, 266, ' salvadoran government officials spend the dollars they steal from the funds allotted to el salvador and where they plan crimes against the', 4.324291229248047)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>aminta platero was killed when her car was hit by another car driven by former deputy public security minister rinaldo golcher. at the time of the accident, golcher was accompanied by u.s. military attache angel menendez. the incident occurred at 0100 on 26 august at the intersection of west 1st street and north 51st avenue. col golcher was supposedly in israel where he was sent as the salvadoran government's military attache; however, the well-known leader of the death squads was seen at 0100 in downtown san salvador accompanied by none other than the u.s. military representative in our country. this happened only hours after colonel (adolfo arnoldo) majano's bodyguards were murdered.    the circumstances surrounding this incident raise several questions. what were these two soldiers doing at 0100? where were golcher's bodyguards? where were his companion's bodyguards? the two men were probably returning from a corruption center, a night club--one of those exclusive clubs where the u.s. advisers and other u.s. and salvadoran government officials spend the dollars they steal from the funds allotted to el salvador and where they plan crimes against the people.    much more could be said; however, the truth is that the incident was no mere accident. mrs platero is another victim of the madness affecting an army directed by u.s.  advisers. there is not much difference between this incident and the hurling of a grenade by a soldier driven crazy by the psychological terrorism practiced by the army advisers and chiefs. there is no doubt in our minds that golcher will not be tried for this new crime, just as he has not been tried for the many crimes he has been responsible for as chief of the repressive corps and death squads.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(265, 265, '', -1.7741001844406128), (265, 266, ' people', -4.214032173156738), (264, 265, ' the', -1.9520893096923828)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>aminta platero was killed when her car was hit by another car driven by former deputy public security minister rinaldo golcher. at the time of the accident, golcher was accompanied by u.s. military attache angel menendez. the incident occurred at 0100 on 26 august at the intersection of west 1st street and north 51st avenue. col golcher was supposedly in israel where he was sent as the salvadoran government's military attache; however, the well-known leader of the death squads was seen at 0100 in downtown san salvador accompanied by none other than the u.s. military representative in our country. this happened only hours after colonel (adolfo arnoldo) majano's bodyguards were murdered.    the circumstances surrounding this incident raise several questions. what were these two soldiers doing at 0100? where were golcher's bodyguards? where were his companion's bodyguards? the two men were probably returning from a corruption center, a night club--one of those exclusive clubs where the u.s. advisers and other u.s. and salvadoran government officials spend the dollars they steal from the funds allotted to el salvador and where they plan crimes against the people.    much more could be said; however, the truth is that the incident was no mere accident. mrs platero is another victim of the madness affecting an army directed by u.s.  advisers. there is not much difference between this incident and the hurling of a grenade by a soldier driven crazy by the psychological terrorism practiced by the army advisers and chiefs. there is no doubt in our minds that golcher will not be tried for this new crime, just as he has not been tried for the many crimes he has been responsible for as chief of the repressive corps and death squads.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(289, 293, ' mrs plater', 0.1977173089981079), (289, 310, ' mrs platero is another victim of the madness affecting an army directed by u.s. ', -0.8625465631484985), (289, 311, ' mrs platero is another victim of the madness affecting an army directed by u.s.  advisers', -1.645215392112732)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>aminta platero was killed when her car was hit by another car driven by former deputy public security minister rinaldo golcher. at the time of the accident, golcher was accompanied by u.s. military attache angel menendez. the incident occurred at 0100 on 26 august at the intersection of west 1st street and north 51st avenue. col golcher was supposedly in israel where he was sent as the salvadoran government's military attache; however, the well-known leader of the death squads was seen at 0100 in downtown san salvador accompanied by none other than the u.s. military representative in our country. this happened only hours after colonel (adolfo arnoldo) majano's bodyguards were murdered.    the circumstances surrounding this incident raise several questions. what were these two soldiers doing at 0100? where were golcher's bodyguards? where were his companion's bodyguards? the two men were probably returning from a corruption center, a night club--one of those exclusive clubs where the u.s. advisers and other u.s. and salvadoran government officials spend the dollars they steal from the funds allotted to el salvador and where they plan crimes against the people.    much more could be said; however, the truth is that the incident was no mere accident. mrs platero is another victim of the madness affecting an army directed by u.s.  advisers. there is not much difference between this incident and the hurling of a grenade by a soldier driven crazy by the psychological terrorism practiced by the army advisers and chiefs. there is no doubt in our minds that golcher will not be tried for this new crime, just as he has not been tried for the many crimes he has been responsible for as chief of the repressive corps and death squads.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(339, 342, ' army advisers and', 5.304654121398926), (339, 340, ' army', 1.9259133338928223), (339, 339, '', 1.346505880355835)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>a corporal and a guerrilla have been killed in the most recent clashes between the army and the fmln.  according to military reports, corporal alexander molina granados was killed as he was trying to defuse a mine placed by the insurgents on la noria bridge, in san marcos lempa. according to military authorities, a lieutenant and five civilians who were passing through the area at the time were injured by the explosion.    meanwhile, troops of the civiplan battalion killed an fmln guerrilla in a skirmish on the slopes of la cruz hill in chalatenango department.    residents of quetzaltepeque reported that the rebels downed an electric tower last night on the outskirts of the town.</s>', 'start_gold': 237, 'end_gold': 251, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(62, 62, '', 2.9347171783447266), (62, 67, ' insurgents on la noria', -3.1978602409362793), (62, 76, ' insurgents on la noria bridge, in san marcos lempa', -3.8957595825195312)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>a corporal and a guerrilla have been killed in the most recent clashes between the army and the fmln.  according to military reports, corporal alexander molina granados was killed as he was trying to defuse a mine placed by the insurgents on la noria bridge, in san marcos lempa. according to military authorities, a lieutenant and five civilians who were passing through the area at the time were injured by the explosion.    meanwhile, troops of the civiplan battalion killed an fmln guerrilla in a skirmish on the slopes of la cruz hill in chalatenango department.    residents of quetzaltepeque reported that the rebels downed an electric tower last night on the outskirts of the town.</s>', 'start_gold': 105, 'end_gold': 118, 'gold': ' meanwhile, troops of the civiplan battalion killed an fml', 'candidates': [(62, 62, '', 7.905707359313965), (62, 76, ' insurgents on la noria bridge, in san marcos lempa', 0.46310949325561523), (62, 67, ' insurgents on la noria', -0.20403456687927246)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>a corporal and a guerrilla have been killed in the most recent clashes between the army and the fmln.  according to military reports, corporal alexander molina granados was killed as he was trying to defuse a mine placed by the insurgents on la noria bridge, in san marcos lempa. according to military authorities, a lieutenant and five civilians who were passing through the area at the time were injured by the explosion.    meanwhile, troops of the civiplan battalion killed an fmln guerrilla in a skirmish on the slopes of la cruz hill in chalatenango department.    residents of quetzaltepeque reported that the rebels downed an electric tower last night on the outskirts of the town.</s>', 'start_gold': 250, 'end_gold': 264, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(61, 61, '', 0.18125145137310028), (61, 66, ' insurgents on la noria', -3.442385196685791), (61, 74, ' insurgents on la noria bridge, in san marcos lemp', -4.968580722808838)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>a corporal and a guerrilla have been killed in the most recent clashes between the army and the fmln.  according to military reports, corporal alexander molina granados was killed as he was trying to defuse a mine placed by the insurgents on la noria bridge, in san marcos lempa. according to military authorities, a lieutenant and five civilians who were passing through the area at the time were injured by the explosion.    meanwhile, troops of the civiplan battalion killed an fmln guerrilla in a skirmish on the slopes of la cruz hill in chalatenango department.    residents of quetzaltepeque reported that the rebels downed an electric tower last night on the outskirts of the town.</s>', 'start_gold': 151, 'end_gold': 168, 'gold': ' the rebels downed an electric tower last night on the outskirts of the town.</s><pad>', 'candidates': [(9, 14, 'a corporal and a', 11.278669357299805), (9, 30, 'a corporal and a guerrilla have been killed in the most recent clashes between the army and the fml', 6.378903865814209), (9, 17, 'a corporal and a guerrilla have been', 6.2775726318359375)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>a corporal and a guerrilla have been killed in the most recent clashes between the army and the fmln.  according to military reports, corporal alexander molina granados was killed as he was trying to defuse a mine placed by the insurgents on la noria bridge, in san marcos lempa. according to military authorities, a lieutenant and five civilians who were passing through the area at the time were injured by the explosion.    meanwhile, troops of the civiplan battalion killed an fmln guerrilla in a skirmish on the slopes of la cruz hill in chalatenango department.    residents of quetzaltepeque reported that the rebels downed an electric tower last night on the outskirts of the town.</s>', 'start_gold': 217, 'end_gold': 228, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(61, 61, '', 7.652111053466797), (61, 66, ' insurgents on la noria', 1.0329411029815674), (61, 75, ' insurgents on la noria bridge, in san marcos lempa', 0.514380931854248)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the general management of aerolineas de nicaragua, aeronica, condemned yesterday's attack on its regional offices in guatemala city. aeronica general manager julio rocha said: we condemn these terrorist actions, endorsed by u.s. imperialism. he described the action as a political attack. once again we have witnessed actions by guatemalan rightist sectors which, endorsed by u.s. imperialism, are trying to intimidate us and to block the development of our national airline, rocha added.    the general manager added that the guatemalan police are in charge of the investigations to find the perpetrators of the attack who, using an unidentified vehicle, hurled two fragmentation grenades at aeronica's regional offices in guatemala city. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 338, 'end_gold': 355, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(124, 127, ' guatemalan', 4.133778095245361), (124, 146, ' guatemalan police are in charge of the investigations to find the perpetrators of the attack who, using an unidentified', 2.597184658050537), (124, 151, ' guatemalan police are in charge of the investigations to find the perpetrators of the attack who, using an unidentified vehicle, hurled two fragmentation', 2.5462799072265625)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the general management of aerolineas de nicaragua, aeronica, condemned yesterday's attack on its regional offices in guatemala city. aeronica general manager julio rocha said: we condemn these terrorist actions, endorsed by u.s. imperialism. he described the action as a political attack. once again we have witnessed actions by guatemalan rightist sectors which, endorsed by u.s. imperialism, are trying to intimidate us and to block the development of our national airline, rocha added.    the general manager added that the guatemalan police are in charge of the investigations to find the perpetrators of the attack who, using an unidentified vehicle, hurled two fragmentation grenades at aeronica's regional offices in guatemala city. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(80, 85, ' guatemalan rightist', 9.670223236083984), (80, 109, ' guatemalan rightist sectors which, endorsed by u.s. imperialism, are trying to intimidate us and to block the development of our national', 5.086528778076172), (80, 94, ' guatemalan rightist sectors which, endorsed by u.s.', 5.016107559204102)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the general management of aerolineas de nicaragua, aeronica, condemned yesterday's attack on its regional offices in guatemala city. aeronica general manager julio rocha said: we condemn these terrorist actions, endorsed by u.s. imperialism. he described the action as a political attack. once again we have witnessed actions by guatemalan rightist sectors which, endorsed by u.s. imperialism, are trying to intimidate us and to block the development of our national airline, rocha added.    the general manager added that the guatemalan police are in charge of the investigations to find the perpetrators of the attack who, using an unidentified vehicle, hurled two fragmentation grenades at aeronica's regional offices in guatemala city. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 701, 'end_gold': 716, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(152, 156, " aeronica's regional", 4.431070327758789), (152, 161, " aeronica's regional offices in guatemala", 2.8451473712921143), (152, 162, " aeronica's regional offices in guatemala city", 0.4301612377166748)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the general management of aerolineas de nicaragua, aeronica, condemned yesterday's attack on its regional offices in guatemala city. aeronica general manager julio rocha said: we condemn these terrorist actions, endorsed by u.s. imperialism. he described the action as a political attack. once again we have witnessed actions by guatemalan rightist sectors which, endorsed by u.s. imperialism, are trying to intimidate us and to block the development of our national airline, rocha added.    the general manager added that the guatemalan police are in charge of the investigations to find the perpetrators of the attack who, using an unidentified vehicle, hurled two fragmentation grenades at aeronica's regional offices in guatemala city. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(123, 126, ' guatemalan', 5.322969913482666), (123, 150, ' guatemalan police are in charge of the investigations to find the perpetrators of the attack who, using an unidentified vehicle, hurled two fragmentation', 3.9920098781585693), (123, 132, ' guatemalan police are in charge of the', 2.990873098373413)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the general management of aerolineas de nicaragua, aeronica, condemned yesterday's attack on its regional offices in guatemala city. aeronica general manager julio rocha said: we condemn these terrorist actions, endorsed by u.s. imperialism. he described the action as a political attack. once again we have witnessed actions by guatemalan rightist sectors which, endorsed by u.s. imperialism, are trying to intimidate us and to block the development of our national airline, rocha added.    the general manager added that the guatemalan police are in charge of the investigations to find the perpetrators of the attack who, using an unidentified vehicle, hurled two fragmentation grenades at aeronica's regional offices in guatemala city. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 675, 'end_gold': 689, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(123, 126, ' guatemalan', 6.972250938415527), (123, 150, ' guatemalan police are in charge of the investigations to find the perpetrators of the attack who, using an unidentified vehicle, hurled two fragmentation', 6.081723213195801), (123, 145, ' guatemalan police are in charge of the investigations to find the perpetrators of the attack who, using an unidentified', 5.01663875579834)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>opposition sectors and extremist movements are preparing for violent actions, including bombings and attacks on private property, for 30 august when the name of the plebiscite candidate will be announced. this was stated by copper workers union leader guillermo medina, who said that according to information he has and what has been published in the press, it is easy to see that such violent actions have been planned.    medina also said that the government decision to lift the states of exception is positive, although it will benefit a vociferous minority. medina said that 70 percent of the silent majority is not concerned about living under states of exception because they are working people concerned only with their labor activities.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(142, 151, ' they are working people concerned only with their labor', -1.1582987308502197), (142, 152, ' they are working people concerned only with their labor activities', -2.462124824523926), (142, 145, ' they are working', -3.853477954864502)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>opposition sectors and extremist movements are preparing for violent actions, including bombings and attacks on private property, for 30 august when the name of the plebiscite candidate will be announced. this was stated by copper workers union leader guillermo medina, who said that according to information he has and what has been published in the press, it is easy to see that such violent actions have been planned.    medina also said that the government decision to lift the states of exception is positive, although it will benefit a vociferous minority. medina said that 70 percent of the silent majority is not concerned about living under states of exception because they are working people concerned only with their labor activities.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(10, 15, 'opposition sectors and extremist', 6.891020774841309), (10, 12, 'opposition', 3.7479333877563477), (10, 14, 'opposition sectors and', 2.3152315616607666)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>opposition sectors and extremist movements are preparing for violent actions, including bombings and attacks on private property, for 30 august when the name of the plebiscite candidate will be announced. this was stated by copper workers union leader guillermo medina, who said that according to information he has and what has been published in the press, it is easy to see that such violent actions have been planned.    medina also said that the government decision to lift the states of exception is positive, although it will benefit a vociferous minority. medina said that 70 percent of the silent majority is not concerned about living under states of exception because they are working people concerned only with their labor activities.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(26, 27, ' private', 6.92622184753418), (26, 28, ' private property', 2.141894817352295), (26, 26, '', 1.2558581829071045)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>opposition sectors and extremist movements are preparing for violent actions, including bombings and attacks on private property, for 30 august when the name of the plebiscite candidate will be announced. this was stated by copper workers union leader guillermo medina, who said that according to information he has and what has been published in the press, it is easy to see that such violent actions have been planned.    medina also said that the government decision to lift the states of exception is positive, although it will benefit a vociferous minority. medina said that 70 percent of the silent majority is not concerned about living under states of exception because they are working people concerned only with their labor activities.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(26, 27, ' private', -2.3519463539123535), (26, 52, ' private property, for 30 august when the name of the plebiscite candidate will be announced. this was stated by copper', -4.783449649810791), (26, 26, '', -6.031556129455566)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>opposition sectors and extremist movements are preparing for violent actions, including bombings and attacks on private property, for 30 august when the name of the plebiscite candidate will be announced. this was stated by copper workers union leader guillermo medina, who said that according to information he has and what has been published in the press, it is easy to see that such violent actions have been planned.    medina also said that the government decision to lift the states of exception is positive, although it will benefit a vociferous minority. medina said that 70 percent of the silent majority is not concerned about living under states of exception because they are working people concerned only with their labor activities.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(13, 14, ' extremist', -6.711922645568848), (13, 27, ' extremist movements are preparing for violent actions, including bombings and attacks on private', -8.19899845123291), (13, 13, '', -8.301925659179688)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>very reliable security sources have reported that the clandestine entry of fpmr (manuel rodriguez patriotic front) members, who fought alongside the marxist angolan government, has recently been detected in the country.    the extremists, all chilean nationals selected from fpmr members, first completed their theoretical training in guerrilla warfare in cuba before traveling to angola with cuban troops. the cubans were assigned to the defense of the marxist government that is fighting against the unita rebels. having finished their practical training in a country where approximately 50,000 troops are stationed, these fpmr terrorists returned to cuba, from where they traveled to europe, before finally returning to chilean territory.    the sources said that these terrorists are "sleepers" and will be ready to act in major terrorist operations, about which the security services have some information. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(170, 171, 'sleep', 12.833938598632812), (170, 172, 'sleepers', 12.526300430297852), (170, 182, 'sleepers" and will be ready to act in major terrorist', 8.951571464538574)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>very reliable security sources have reported that the clandestine entry of fpmr (manuel rodriguez patriotic front) members, who fought alongside the marxist angolan government, has recently been detected in the country.    the extremists, all chilean nationals selected from fpmr members, first completed their theoretical training in guerrilla warfare in cuba before traveling to angola with cuban troops. the cubans were assigned to the defense of the marxist government that is fighting against the unita rebels. having finished their practical training in a country where approximately 50,000 troops are stationed, these fpmr terrorists returned to cuba, from where they traveled to europe, before finally returning to chilean territory.    the sources said that these terrorists are "sleepers" and will be ready to act in major terrorist operations, about which the security services have some information. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(170, 172, 'sleepers', 10.475875854492188), (170, 171, 'sleep', 10.44717788696289), (170, 182, 'sleepers" and will be ready to act in major terrorist', 6.636225700378418)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>very reliable security sources have reported that the clandestine entry of fpmr (manuel rodriguez patriotic front) members, who fought alongside the marxist angolan government, has recently been detected in the country.    the extremists, all chilean nationals selected from fpmr members, first completed their theoretical training in guerrilla warfare in cuba before traveling to angola with cuban troops. the cubans were assigned to the defense of the marxist government that is fighting against the unita rebels. having finished their practical training in a country where approximately 50,000 troops are stationed, these fpmr terrorists returned to cuba, from where they traveled to europe, before finally returning to chilean territory.    the sources said that these terrorists are "sleepers" and will be ready to act in major terrorist operations, about which the security services have some information. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(59, 68, ' chilean nationals selected from fpmr', -1.6725761890411377), (59, 62, ' chilean', -2.055603504180908), (59, 61, ' chile', -5.810443878173828)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>very reliable security sources have reported that the clandestine entry of fpmr (manuel rodriguez patriotic front) members, who fought alongside the marxist angolan government, has recently been detected in the country.    the extremists, all chilean nationals selected from fpmr members, first completed their theoretical training in guerrilla warfare in cuba before traveling to angola with cuban troops. the cubans were assigned to the defense of the marxist government that is fighting against the unita rebels. having finished their practical training in a country where approximately 50,000 troops are stationed, these fpmr terrorists returned to cuba, from where they traveled to europe, before finally returning to chilean territory.    the sources said that these terrorists are "sleepers" and will be ready to act in major terrorist operations, about which the security services have some information. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(59, 62, ' chilean', 0.7166655659675598), (59, 68, ' chilean nationals selected from fpmr', 0.6881469488143921), (59, 63, ' chilean nationals', -3.186415672302246)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>very reliable security sources have reported that the clandestine entry of fpmr (manuel rodriguez patriotic front) members, who fought alongside the marxist angolan government, has recently been detected in the country.    the extremists, all chilean nationals selected from fpmr members, first completed their theoretical training in guerrilla warfare in cuba before traveling to angola with cuban troops. the cubans were assigned to the defense of the marxist government that is fighting against the unita rebels. having finished their practical training in a country where approximately 50,000 troops are stationed, these fpmr terrorists returned to cuba, from where they traveled to europe, before finally returning to chilean territory.    the sources said that these terrorists are "sleepers" and will be ready to act in major terrorist operations, about which the security services have some information. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(169, 170, 'sleep', 13.241012573242188), (169, 171, 'sleepers', 13.034468650817871), (169, 181, 'sleepers" and will be ready to act in major terrorist', 8.960081100463867)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>rancagua -- the national vanguard offices in this city were attacked on 29 july at 2220.  unidentified individuals detonated a bomb that damaged the windows of the national vanguard offices and those of the neighboring houses.</s>', 'start_gold': 99, 'end_gold': 113, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(34, 35, ' unidentified', 4.071817398071289), (34, 34, '', 2.6061129570007324), (34, 38, ' unidentified individuals detonated a', 1.3104389905929565)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>rancagua -- the national vanguard offices in this city were attacked on 29 july at 2220.  unidentified individuals detonated a bomb that damaged the windows of the national vanguard offices and those of the neighboring houses.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(34, 35, ' unidentified', 5.793208122253418), (34, 34, '', 2.88128662109375), (34, 38, ' unidentified individuals detonated a', 1.2999663352966309)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>rancagua -- the national vanguard offices in this city were attacked on 29 july at 2220.  unidentified individuals detonated a bomb that damaged the windows of the national vanguard offices and those of the neighboring houses.</s>', 'start_gold': 24, 'end_gold': 38, 'gold': ' on 29 july at 2220.  unidentified individuals detonated a bomb', 'candidates': [(15, 18, ' national vanguard', 3.821725368499756), (15, 21, ' national vanguard offices in this', 0.5330307483673096), (15, 34, ' national vanguard offices in this city were attacked on 29 july at 2220.  unidentified', -0.19035720825195312)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>rancagua -- the national vanguard offices in this city were attacked on 29 july at 2220.  unidentified individuals detonated a bomb that damaged the windows of the national vanguard offices and those of the neighboring houses.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(44, 53, ' national vanguard offices and those of the neighboring', 4.520038604736328), (44, 47, ' national vanguard', 3.5934386253356934), (44, 54, ' national vanguard offices and those of the neighboring houses', 3.436349391937256)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>rancagua -- the national vanguard offices in this city were attacked on 29 july at 2220.  unidentified individuals detonated a bomb that damaged the windows of the national vanguard offices and those of the neighboring houses.</s>', 'start_gold': 135, 'end_gold': 146, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(33, 34, ' unidentified', 3.4536218643188477), (33, 47, ' unidentified individuals detonated a bomb that damaged the windows of the national vanguard', 0.46388816833496094), (33, 33, '', -0.219649076461792)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>dear mr president:    on the road toward achieving peace, we have often experienced setbacks and difficult times. powerful forces are trying to justify violence and war every time diplomatic channels or commitments are not followed or met.    when there is an armed struggle and when thousands are killed on the battlefield, those who promote violence never conclude from those useless killings that war is futile. they do not believe that peace can be achieved through dialogue and negotiation.    it will always be easier to rectify mistakes when the weaknesses are political or when errors are made on the road to peace. we cannot bring the dead back to life, and violence born of hatred takes a long time to heal.    i believe, mr president, that it would be encouraging if you were to rectify some political decisions your government made following the unfortunate incidents at nandaime.  it is important to reopen the communications media that are closed. it is necessary to release the prisoners and to revoke the sentences imposed upon them as punishment for involvement in those incidents.  the peace plan to which we are committed obliges us to restore confidence as soon as possible. our most sacred commitment is to continue progressing on the path toward democratization.    it is imperative that your government and the nicaraguan contras resume negotiations to secure a permanent end to military actions in nicaragua. this could very well be an encouraging example for many central american and other countries. i offer you our costa rican territory for the resumption of such negotiations. i also offer you all the assistance within my means to enable such negotiations to take place.    i understand that you will attend the upcoming inaugural ceremony in ecuador. i believe it would be a sign of confidence in the future of peace, a noble gesture toward rodrigo borja, and would aid in strengthening the ecuadoran democratic process if you attended the ceremony in quito after reversing the setbacks incurred as a result of antidemocratic actions, such as penalizing the communications media and depriving men and women of their liberty.    only if we have the strength to correct our mistakes and the vision to continue on the path outlined in the peace plan can central americans prevent the continuance of the armed aggression against our peoples. a latin american commitment to peace also requires efforts to achieve independence and democracy. we will not be granted another political opportunity to forge history. it is unlikely that there will be a new opportunity for reconciliation to allow today's youth a different future, a new opportunity to put aside their weapons and to work for a better future.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(74, 77, ' those who promote', 1.7661312818527222), (74, 87, ' those who promote violence never conclude from those useless killings that war is', 0.6472433805465698), (74, 101, ' those who promote violence never conclude from those useless killings that war is futile. they do not believe that peace can be achieved through dialogue and', 0.4057917594909668)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>dear mr president:    on the road toward achieving peace, we have often experienced setbacks and difficult times. powerful forces are trying to justify violence and war every time diplomatic channels or commitments are not followed or met.    when there is an armed struggle and when thousands are killed on the battlefield, those who promote violence never conclude from those useless killings that war is futile. they do not believe that peace can be achieved through dialogue and negotiation.    it will always be easier to rectify mistakes when the weaknesses are political or when errors are made on the road to peace. we cannot bring the dead back to life, and violence born of hatred takes a long time to heal.    i believe, mr president, that it would be encouraging if you were to rectify some political decisions your government made following the unfortunate incidents at nandaime.  it is important to reopen the communications media that are closed. it is necessary to release the prisoners and to revoke the sentences imposed upon them as punishment for involvement in those incidents.  the peace plan to which we are committed obliges us to restore confidence as soon as possible. our most sacred commitment is to continue progressing on the path toward democratization.    it is imperative that your government and the nicaraguan contras resume negotiations to secure a permanent end to military actions in nicaragua. this could very well be an encouraging example for many central american and other countries. i offer you our costa rican territory for the resumption of such negotiations. i also offer you all the assistance within my means to enable such negotiations to take place.    i understand that you will attend the upcoming inaugural ceremony in ecuador. i believe it would be a sign of confidence in the future of peace, a noble gesture toward rodrigo borja, and would aid in strengthening the ecuadoran democratic process if you attended the ceremony in quito after reversing the setbacks incurred as a result of antidemocratic actions, such as penalizing the communications media and depriving men and women of their liberty.    only if we have the strength to correct our mistakes and the vision to continue on the path outlined in the peace plan can central americans prevent the continuance of the armed aggression against our peoples. a latin american commitment to peace also requires efforts to achieve independence and democracy. we will not be granted another political opportunity to forge history. it is unlikely that there will be a new opportunity for reconciliation to allow today's youth a different future, a new opportunity to put aside their weapons and to work for a better future.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(74, 77, ' those who promote', -0.34589338302612305), (74, 101, ' those who promote violence never conclude from those useless killings that war is futile. they do not believe that peace can be achieved through dialogue and', -1.1433957815170288), (74, 87, ' those who promote violence never conclude from those useless killings that war is', -1.3176153898239136)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>dear mr president:    on the road toward achieving peace, we have often experienced setbacks and difficult times. powerful forces are trying to justify violence and war every time diplomatic channels or commitments are not followed or met.    when there is an armed struggle and when thousands are killed on the battlefield, those who promote violence never conclude from those useless killings that war is futile. they do not believe that peace can be achieved through dialogue and negotiation.    it will always be easier to rectify mistakes when the weaknesses are political or when errors are made on the road to peace. we cannot bring the dead back to life, and violence born of hatred takes a long time to heal.    i believe, mr president, that it would be encouraging if you were to rectify some political decisions your government made following the unfortunate incidents at nandaime.  it is important to reopen the communications media that are closed. it is necessary to release the prisoners and to revoke the sentences imposed upon them as punishment for involvement in those incidents.  the peace plan to which we are committed obliges us to restore confidence as soon as possible. our most sacred commitment is to continue progressing on the path toward democratization.    it is imperative that your government and the nicaraguan contras resume negotiations to secure a permanent end to military actions in nicaragua. this could very well be an encouraging example for many central american and other countries. i offer you our costa rican territory for the resumption of such negotiations. i also offer you all the assistance within my means to enable such negotiations to take place.    i understand that you will attend the upcoming inaugural ceremony in ecuador. i believe it would be a sign of confidence in the future of peace, a noble gesture toward rodrigo borja, and would aid in strengthening the ecuadoran democratic process if you attended the ceremony in quito after reversing the setbacks incurred as a result of antidemocratic actions, such as penalizing the communications media and depriving men and women of their liberty.    only if we have the strength to correct our mistakes and the vision to continue on the path outlined in the peace plan can central americans prevent the continuance of the armed aggression against our peoples. a latin american commitment to peace also requires efforts to achieve independence and democracy. we will not be granted another political opportunity to forge history. it is unlikely that there will be a new opportunity for reconciliation to allow today's youth a different future, a new opportunity to put aside their weapons and to work for a better future.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(34, 53, ' powerful forces are trying to justify violence and war every time diplomatic channels or commitments are not followed or', -2.3740220069885254), (34, 42, ' powerful forces are trying to justify violence and', -3.7151057720184326), (34, 35, ' powerful', -3.7361207008361816)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>dear mr president:    on the road toward achieving peace, we have often experienced setbacks and difficult times. powerful forces are trying to justify violence and war every time diplomatic channels or commitments are not followed or met.    when there is an armed struggle and when thousands are killed on the battlefield, those who promote violence never conclude from those useless killings that war is futile. they do not believe that peace can be achieved through dialogue and negotiation.    it will always be easier to rectify mistakes when the weaknesses are political or when errors are made on the road to peace. we cannot bring the dead back to life, and violence born of hatred takes a long time to heal.    i believe, mr president, that it would be encouraging if you were to rectify some political decisions your government made following the unfortunate incidents at nandaime.  it is important to reopen the communications media that are closed. it is necessary to release the prisoners and to revoke the sentences imposed upon them as punishment for involvement in those incidents.  the peace plan to which we are committed obliges us to restore confidence as soon as possible. our most sacred commitment is to continue progressing on the path toward democratization.    it is imperative that your government and the nicaraguan contras resume negotiations to secure a permanent end to military actions in nicaragua. this could very well be an encouraging example for many central american and other countries. i offer you our costa rican territory for the resumption of such negotiations. i also offer you all the assistance within my means to enable such negotiations to take place.    i understand that you will attend the upcoming inaugural ceremony in ecuador. i believe it would be a sign of confidence in the future of peace, a noble gesture toward rodrigo borja, and would aid in strengthening the ecuadoran democratic process if you attended the ceremony in quito after reversing the setbacks incurred as a result of antidemocratic actions, such as penalizing the communications media and depriving men and women of their liberty.    only if we have the strength to correct our mistakes and the vision to continue on the path outlined in the peace plan can central americans prevent the continuance of the armed aggression against our peoples. a latin american commitment to peace also requires efforts to achieve independence and democracy. we will not be granted another political opportunity to forge history. it is unlikely that there will be a new opportunity for reconciliation to allow today's youth a different future, a new opportunity to put aside their weapons and to work for a better future.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(73, 86, ' those who promote violence never conclude from those useless killings that war is', 0.5891458988189697), (73, 82, ' those who promote violence never conclude from those useless', 0.10914450883865356), (73, 87, ' those who promote violence never conclude from those useless killings that war is futile', -0.27654337882995605)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>dear mr president:    on the road toward achieving peace, we have often experienced setbacks and difficult times. powerful forces are trying to justify violence and war every time diplomatic channels or commitments are not followed or met.    when there is an armed struggle and when thousands are killed on the battlefield, those who promote violence never conclude from those useless killings that war is futile. they do not believe that peace can be achieved through dialogue and negotiation.    it will always be easier to rectify mistakes when the weaknesses are political or when errors are made on the road to peace. we cannot bring the dead back to life, and violence born of hatred takes a long time to heal.    i believe, mr president, that it would be encouraging if you were to rectify some political decisions your government made following the unfortunate incidents at nandaime.  it is important to reopen the communications media that are closed. it is necessary to release the prisoners and to revoke the sentences imposed upon them as punishment for involvement in those incidents.  the peace plan to which we are committed obliges us to restore confidence as soon as possible. our most sacred commitment is to continue progressing on the path toward democratization.    it is imperative that your government and the nicaraguan contras resume negotiations to secure a permanent end to military actions in nicaragua. this could very well be an encouraging example for many central american and other countries. i offer you our costa rican territory for the resumption of such negotiations. i also offer you all the assistance within my means to enable such negotiations to take place.    i understand that you will attend the upcoming inaugural ceremony in ecuador. i believe it would be a sign of confidence in the future of peace, a noble gesture toward rodrigo borja, and would aid in strengthening the ecuadoran democratic process if you attended the ceremony in quito after reversing the setbacks incurred as a result of antidemocratic actions, such as penalizing the communications media and depriving men and women of their liberty.    only if we have the strength to correct our mistakes and the vision to continue on the path outlined in the peace plan can central americans prevent the continuance of the armed aggression against our peoples. a latin american commitment to peace also requires efforts to achieve independence and democracy. we will not be granted another political opportunity to forge history. it is unlikely that there will be a new opportunity for reconciliation to allow today's youth a different future, a new opportunity to put aside their weapons and to work for a better future.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(519, 521, " today's", 2.707613945007324), (519, 533, " today's youth a different future, a new opportunity to put aside their", 0.47684764862060547), (519, 524, " today's youth a different", -0.48974609375)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>today it was reported that yesterday the peruvian police confiscated weapons belonging to the dea, a u.s. organization engaged in the fight against drug trafficking. the arms were in the possession of three members of an international criminal group called the green leaf. (passage omitted)    after an intense shoot-out in the ate-vitarte district of lima, personnel of the anti-terrorist directorate have arrested (name indistinct) reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevallos, 36. they have been charged with drug trafficking.    the police caught the drug traffickers selling drugs on the street in broad daylight. police confiscated two u.s.-made 45 caliber automatic pistols bearing the dea acronym and 6 kg of cocaine hydrochloride worth $500,000.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(102, 125, ' reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevallos,', 7.914063453674316), (102, 123, ' reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevall', 6.716578960418701), (102, 126, ' reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevallos, 36', 5.846058368682861)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>today it was reported that yesterday the peruvian police confiscated weapons belonging to the dea, a u.s. organization engaged in the fight against drug trafficking. the arms were in the possession of three members of an international criminal group called the green leaf. (passage omitted)    after an intense shoot-out in the ate-vitarte district of lima, personnel of the anti-terrorist directorate have arrested (name indistinct) reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevallos, 36. they have been charged with drug trafficking.    the police caught the drug traffickers selling drugs on the street in broad daylight. police confiscated two u.s.-made 45 caliber automatic pistols bearing the dea acronym and 6 kg of cocaine hydrochloride worth $500,000.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(102, 125, ' reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevallos,', 3.102304458618164), (102, 123, ' reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevall', 2.287673234939575), (102, 126, ' reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevallos, 36', 0.6714454889297485)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>today it was reported that yesterday the peruvian police confiscated weapons belonging to the dea, a u.s. organization engaged in the fight against drug trafficking. the arms were in the possession of three members of an international criminal group called the green leaf. (passage omitted)    after an intense shoot-out in the ate-vitarte district of lima, personnel of the anti-terrorist directorate have arrested (name indistinct) reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevallos, 36. they have been charged with drug trafficking.    the police caught the drug traffickers selling drugs on the street in broad daylight. police confiscated two u.s.-made 45 caliber automatic pistols bearing the dea acronym and 6 kg of cocaine hydrochloride worth $500,000.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(101, 124, ' reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevallos,', 2.1760878562927246), (101, 122, ' reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevall', 1.4301912784576416), (101, 125, ' reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevallos, 36', -0.4999361038208008)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>today it was reported that yesterday the peruvian police confiscated weapons belonging to the dea, a u.s. organization engaged in the fight against drug trafficking. the arms were in the possession of three members of an international criminal group called the green leaf. (passage omitted)    after an intense shoot-out in the ate-vitarte district of lima, personnel of the anti-terrorist directorate have arrested (name indistinct) reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevallos, 36. they have been charged with drug trafficking.    the police caught the drug traffickers selling drugs on the street in broad daylight. police confiscated two u.s.-made 45 caliber automatic pistols bearing the dea acronym and 6 kg of cocaine hydrochloride worth $500,000.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(101, 124, ' reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevallos,', 7.875646591186523), (101, 122, ' reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevall', 7.327690124511719), (101, 125, ' reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevallos, 36', 6.100998878479004)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>today it was reported that yesterday the peruvian police confiscated weapons belonging to the dea, a u.s. organization engaged in the fight against drug trafficking. the arms were in the possession of three members of an international criminal group called the green leaf. (passage omitted)    after an intense shoot-out in the ate-vitarte district of lima, personnel of the anti-terrorist directorate have arrested (name indistinct) reyes, 44; carlos alonso rivera, 39; and guillermo zevallos, 36. they have been charged with drug trafficking.    the police caught the drug traffickers selling drugs on the street in broad daylight. police confiscated two u.s.-made 45 caliber automatic pistols bearing the dea acronym and 6 kg of cocaine hydrochloride worth $500,000.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(24, 25, ' de', 13.172096252441406), (24, 39, ' dea, a u.s. organization engaged in the fight against drug', 11.44113540649414), (24, 40, ' dea, a u.s. organization engaged in the fight against drug trafficking', 10.32319450378418)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>a judge has ordered the release of former captain alvaro sanabria, who is implicated in the assassination of msgr oscar arnulfo romero, because of contradictory statements by a key witness. court sources have explained, however, that the constitutional court will now have to decide whether or not to accept the acquittal of the soldier.    the decision issued by justice romeo aurora acquitting and ordering the release of the former captain was made, according to the document, because amado antonio garay reyes--the alleged driver of the person who assassinated msgr romero--cannot be considered a reliable witness.    the judgement presented to the constitutional court notes that this witness has made statements that contradict testimony he gave at the 4th criminal court 7 years after the crime was committed. for this reason, the judge, based on articles 497 and 498 of the penal code and article 53 of the constitutional procedures law has ruled that there is no merit for arresting the military man, who has been tried in absentia.    however, court officials have explained that this document issued by judge aurora is only a report on his ruling, which according to the law can be either revoked or confirmed by the constitutional court. for this reason, this decision is not being viewed as a final ruling. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 44, 'end_gold': 63, 'gold': ' because of contradictory statements by a key witness. court sources have explained, however, that the constitutional', 'candidates': [(123, 134, 'the alleged driver of the person who assassinated msgr rom', 0.09199059009552002), (123, 125, 'the alleged', -0.08704781532287598), (123, 128, 'the alleged driver of the', -0.5727401971817017)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>a judge has ordered the release of former captain alvaro sanabria, who is implicated in the assassination of msgr oscar arnulfo romero, because of contradictory statements by a key witness. court sources have explained, however, that the constitutional court will now have to decide whether or not to accept the acquittal of the soldier.    the decision issued by justice romeo aurora acquitting and ordering the release of the former captain was made, according to the document, because amado antonio garay reyes--the alleged driver of the person who assassinated msgr romero--cannot be considered a reliable witness.    the judgement presented to the constitutional court notes that this witness has made statements that contradict testimony he gave at the 4th criminal court 7 years after the crime was committed. for this reason, the judge, based on articles 497 and 498 of the penal code and article 53 of the constitutional procedures law has ruled that there is no merit for arresting the military man, who has been tried in absentia.    however, court officials have explained that this document issued by judge aurora is only a report on his ruling, which according to the law can be either revoked or confirmed by the constitutional court. for this reason, this decision is not being viewed as a final ruling. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(123, 134, 'the alleged driver of the person who assassinated msgr rom', 1.2097997665405273), (123, 125, 'the alleged', 0.28460633754730225), (123, 142, 'the alleged driver of the person who assassinated msgr romero--cannot be considered a reliable', 0.08711767196655273)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>a judge has ordered the release of former captain alvaro sanabria, who is implicated in the assassination of msgr oscar arnulfo romero, because of contradictory statements by a key witness. court sources have explained, however, that the constitutional court will now have to decide whether or not to accept the acquittal of the soldier.    the decision issued by justice romeo aurora acquitting and ordering the release of the former captain was made, according to the document, because amado antonio garay reyes--the alleged driver of the person who assassinated msgr romero--cannot be considered a reliable witness.    the judgement presented to the constitutional court notes that this witness has made statements that contradict testimony he gave at the 4th criminal court 7 years after the crime was committed. for this reason, the judge, based on articles 497 and 498 of the penal code and article 53 of the constitutional procedures law has ruled that there is no merit for arresting the military man, who has been tried in absentia.    however, court officials have explained that this document issued by judge aurora is only a report on his ruling, which according to the law can be either revoked or confirmed by the constitutional court. for this reason, this decision is not being viewed as a final ruling. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(32, 41, ' msgr oscar arnulfo rom', -4.41622257232666), (32, 42, ' msgr oscar arnulfo romero', -7.293439865112305), (32, 50, ' msgr oscar arnulfo romero, because of contradictory statements by a key', -7.3458147048950195)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>a judge has ordered the release of former captain alvaro sanabria, who is implicated in the assassination of msgr oscar arnulfo romero, because of contradictory statements by a key witness. court sources have explained, however, that the constitutional court will now have to decide whether or not to accept the acquittal of the soldier.    the decision issued by justice romeo aurora acquitting and ordering the release of the former captain was made, according to the document, because amado antonio garay reyes--the alleged driver of the person who assassinated msgr romero--cannot be considered a reliable witness.    the judgement presented to the constitutional court notes that this witness has made statements that contradict testimony he gave at the 4th criminal court 7 years after the crime was committed. for this reason, the judge, based on articles 497 and 498 of the penal code and article 53 of the constitutional procedures law has ruled that there is no merit for arresting the military man, who has been tried in absentia.    however, court officials have explained that this document issued by judge aurora is only a report on his ruling, which according to the law can be either revoked or confirmed by the constitutional court. for this reason, this decision is not being viewed as a final ruling. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 122, 'end_gold': 140, 'gold': 'the alleged driver of the person who assassinated msgr romero--cannot be considered a', 'candidates': [(32, 41, ' msgr oscar arnulfo rom', 0.4276033043861389), (32, 42, ' msgr oscar arnulfo romero', -2.2395310401916504), (32, 50, ' msgr oscar arnulfo romero, because of contradictory statements by a key', -3.47404408454895)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>a judge has ordered the release of former captain alvaro sanabria, who is implicated in the assassination of msgr oscar arnulfo romero, because of contradictory statements by a key witness. court sources have explained, however, that the constitutional court will now have to decide whether or not to accept the acquittal of the soldier.    the decision issued by justice romeo aurora acquitting and ordering the release of the former captain was made, according to the document, because amado antonio garay reyes--the alleged driver of the person who assassinated msgr romero--cannot be considered a reliable witness.    the judgement presented to the constitutional court notes that this witness has made statements that contradict testimony he gave at the 4th criminal court 7 years after the crime was committed. for this reason, the judge, based on articles 497 and 498 of the penal code and article 53 of the constitutional procedures law has ruled that there is no merit for arresting the military man, who has been tried in absentia.    however, court officials have explained that this document issued by judge aurora is only a report on his ruling, which according to the law can be either revoked or confirmed by the constitutional court. for this reason, this decision is not being viewed as a final ruling. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(112, 141, ' amado antonio garay reyes--the alleged driver of the person who assassinated msgr romero--cannot be considered a reliable', -5.324190139770508), (112, 120, ' amado antonio garay re', -5.343504428863525), (112, 133, ' amado antonio garay reyes--the alleged driver of the person who assassinated msgr rom', -6.962616920471191)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>today luis caceres, ucr secretary general and a national deputy, promised chilean radical party (pr) leader ricardo navarrete that a delegation of ucr leaders will be sent to observe the plebiscite that will decide chile's institutional future in early october 1988.    during a news conference held with the chilean pr leader, who said (words indistinct) that an opinion contrary to the continuation of general augusto pinochet as chilean president will prevail in the plebiscite.    the no vote will win because chileans are fed up with the past 15 years of suffering, including torture, killings, and humiliation, said navarrete. he added that the opposition will monitor the balloting, thus safeguarding the plebiscite from any fraudulent actions.    on 30 august, the top authorities in the chilean regime will nominate their candidate--it is taken for granted that it will be pinochet--so that the citizenry can vote yes or no in the plebiscite, thus deciding whether this candidate will govern the country for the next 9 years.    navarrete added that after the victory of the no vote, the opposition will ask for another plebiscite in order to ammend the constitution promulgated by the current regime in 1980 so as to ensure a call for democratic, free, and open general elections. nevertheless, navarrete noted: if we are defeated honestly, we will respect the plebiscite's outcome, although we will continue to struggle.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(108, 109, ' pin', -3.199347496032715), (108, 123, ' pinochet as chilean president will prevail in the plebiscite', -6.489680290222168), (18, 25, ' ucr secretary general and a national', -5.810067176818848)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>today luis caceres, ucr secretary general and a national deputy, promised chilean radical party (pr) leader ricardo navarrete that a delegation of ucr leaders will be sent to observe the plebiscite that will decide chile's institutional future in early october 1988.    during a news conference held with the chilean pr leader, who said (words indistinct) that an opinion contrary to the continuation of general augusto pinochet as chilean president will prevail in the plebiscite.    the no vote will win because chileans are fed up with the past 15 years of suffering, including torture, killings, and humiliation, said navarrete. he added that the opposition will monitor the balloting, thus safeguarding the plebiscite from any fraudulent actions.    on 30 august, the top authorities in the chilean regime will nominate their candidate--it is taken for granted that it will be pinochet--so that the citizenry can vote yes or no in the plebiscite, thus deciding whether this candidate will govern the country for the next 9 years.    navarrete added that after the victory of the no vote, the opposition will ask for another plebiscite in order to ammend the constitution promulgated by the current regime in 1980 so as to ensure a call for democratic, free, and open general elections. nevertheless, navarrete noted: if we are defeated honestly, we will respect the plebiscite's outcome, although we will continue to struggle.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(18, 32, ' ucr secretary general and a national deputy, promised chilean radical', -4.142745018005371), (18, 25, ' ucr secretary general and a national', -4.219560146331787), (18, 19, ' u', -5.083709716796875)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>today luis caceres, ucr secretary general and a national deputy, promised chilean radical party (pr) leader ricardo navarrete that a delegation of ucr leaders will be sent to observe the plebiscite that will decide chile's institutional future in early october 1988.    during a news conference held with the chilean pr leader, who said (words indistinct) that an opinion contrary to the continuation of general augusto pinochet as chilean president will prevail in the plebiscite.    the no vote will win because chileans are fed up with the past 15 years of suffering, including torture, killings, and humiliation, said navarrete. he added that the opposition will monitor the balloting, thus safeguarding the plebiscite from any fraudulent actions.    on 30 august, the top authorities in the chilean regime will nominate their candidate--it is taken for granted that it will be pinochet--so that the citizenry can vote yes or no in the plebiscite, thus deciding whether this candidate will govern the country for the next 9 years.    navarrete added that after the victory of the no vote, the opposition will ask for another plebiscite in order to ammend the constitution promulgated by the current regime in 1980 so as to ensure a call for democratic, free, and open general elections. nevertheless, navarrete noted: if we are defeated honestly, we will respect the plebiscite's outcome, although we will continue to struggle.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(147, 152, ' torture, killings, and', 4.168948650360107), (147, 149, ' torture,', 1.8466640710830688), (147, 153, ' torture, killings, and humiliation', -1.1336274147033691)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>today luis caceres, ucr secretary general and a national deputy, promised chilean radical party (pr) leader ricardo navarrete that a delegation of ucr leaders will be sent to observe the plebiscite that will decide chile's institutional future in early october 1988.    during a news conference held with the chilean pr leader, who said (words indistinct) that an opinion contrary to the continuation of general augusto pinochet as chilean president will prevail in the plebiscite.    the no vote will win because chileans are fed up with the past 15 years of suffering, including torture, killings, and humiliation, said navarrete. he added that the opposition will monitor the balloting, thus safeguarding the plebiscite from any fraudulent actions.    on 30 august, the top authorities in the chilean regime will nominate their candidate--it is taken for granted that it will be pinochet--so that the citizenry can vote yes or no in the plebiscite, thus deciding whether this candidate will govern the country for the next 9 years.    navarrete added that after the victory of the no vote, the opposition will ask for another plebiscite in order to ammend the constitution promulgated by the current regime in 1980 so as to ensure a call for democratic, free, and open general elections. nevertheless, navarrete noted: if we are defeated honestly, we will respect the plebiscite's outcome, although we will continue to struggle.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(132, 152, ' chileans are fed up with the past 15 years of suffering, including torture, killings, and', 4.8528337478637695), (132, 134, ' chile', 3.072770118713379), (132, 149, ' chileans are fed up with the past 15 years of suffering, including torture,', 1.6160356998443604)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>today luis caceres, ucr secretary general and a national deputy, promised chilean radical party (pr) leader ricardo navarrete that a delegation of ucr leaders will be sent to observe the plebiscite that will decide chile's institutional future in early october 1988.    during a news conference held with the chilean pr leader, who said (words indistinct) that an opinion contrary to the continuation of general augusto pinochet as chilean president will prevail in the plebiscite.    the no vote will win because chileans are fed up with the past 15 years of suffering, including torture, killings, and humiliation, said navarrete. he added that the opposition will monitor the balloting, thus safeguarding the plebiscite from any fraudulent actions.    on 30 august, the top authorities in the chilean regime will nominate their candidate--it is taken for granted that it will be pinochet--so that the citizenry can vote yes or no in the plebiscite, thus deciding whether this candidate will govern the country for the next 9 years.    navarrete added that after the victory of the no vote, the opposition will ask for another plebiscite in order to ammend the constitution promulgated by the current regime in 1980 so as to ensure a call for democratic, free, and open general elections. nevertheless, navarrete noted: if we are defeated honestly, we will respect the plebiscite's outcome, although we will continue to struggle.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(132, 152, ' chileans are fed up with the past 15 years of suffering, including torture, killings, and', -6.723753929138184), (132, 149, ' chileans are fed up with the past 15 years of suffering, including torture,', -7.30241584777832), (132, 144, ' chileans are fed up with the past 15 years of', -7.526514053344727)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>bogota inravision television cadena 1 in spanish at 1730 gmt on 1 september broadcasts approximately 3 minutes of reports by national police director general jose guillermo medina sanchez, who confirms that 15 civilians were killed "tuesday night" in el tomate, canaletes municipality, cordoba department, by a gang "possibly belonging to the popular liberation army." the initial report mentions 10 killed, but gen medina mentions "12 killed, 15 injured, and 26 shacks burned." the reporter asks gen medina if those who were killed belonged to a civil defense group, gen medina says they did not. in another report, which lasts 1 minute, the announcer says president virgilio barco will tonight disclose his government\'s peace proposal, which contains three basic points: "regional dialogue, demobilization, handing over of weapons, and pardon." the rest of this report gives the 40-year background of violence.  near the end of the cast, the announcer adds to the initial report on the el tomate attack with a 3-minute update that adds "2 injured, 21 houses destroyed, and 1 bus burned." reporter osvaldo castilla describes video images of how the area was left. castilla reports that "tuesday night, while residents slept or watched television, 30 guerrillas dressed in military uniforms set the shacks on fire, indiscriminately shooting those who ran for their lives, while spraying gasoline on others and setting them on fire." the announcer says that besides the dead, there are several people missing, and that the attackers left slogans painted on walls. the announcer says the attack is thought to have been carried out by an army of national liberation group.</s>', 'start_gold': 320, 'end_gold': 341, 'gold': ' that besides the dead, there are several people missing, and that the attackers left slogans painted on walls.', 'candidates': [(354, 359, ' an army of national liberation', 11.096460342407227), (354, 360, ' an army of national liberation group', 8.82204532623291), (354, 355, ' an', 6.120388031005859)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>bogota inravision television cadena 1 in spanish at 1730 gmt on 1 september broadcasts approximately 3 minutes of reports by national police director general jose guillermo medina sanchez, who confirms that 15 civilians were killed "tuesday night" in el tomate, canaletes municipality, cordoba department, by a gang "possibly belonging to the popular liberation army." the initial report mentions 10 killed, but gen medina mentions "12 killed, 15 injured, and 26 shacks burned." the reporter asks gen medina if those who were killed belonged to a civil defense group, gen medina says they did not. in another report, which lasts 1 minute, the announcer says president virgilio barco will tonight disclose his government\'s peace proposal, which contains three basic points: "regional dialogue, demobilization, handing over of weapons, and pardon." the rest of this report gives the 40-year background of violence.  near the end of the cast, the announcer adds to the initial report on the el tomate attack with a 3-minute update that adds "2 injured, 21 houses destroyed, and 1 bus burned." reporter osvaldo castilla describes video images of how the area was left. castilla reports that "tuesday night, while residents slept or watched television, 30 guerrillas dressed in military uniforms set the shacks on fire, indiscriminately shooting those who ran for their lives, while spraying gasoline on others and setting them on fire." the announcer says that besides the dead, there are several people missing, and that the attackers left slogans painted on walls. the announcer says the attack is thought to have been carried out by an army of national liberation group.</s>', 'start_gold': 352, 'end_gold': 366, 'gold': ' out by an army of national liberation group.</s><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(354, 359, ' an army of national liberation', 11.543455123901367), (354, 360, ' an army of national liberation group', 9.176665306091309), (354, 355, ' an', 6.5004658699035645)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>bogota inravision television cadena 1 in spanish at 1730 gmt on 1 september broadcasts approximately 3 minutes of reports by national police director general jose guillermo medina sanchez, who confirms that 15 civilians were killed "tuesday night" in el tomate, canaletes municipality, cordoba department, by a gang "possibly belonging to the popular liberation army." the initial report mentions 10 killed, but gen medina mentions "12 killed, 15 injured, and 26 shacks burned." the reporter asks gen medina if those who were killed belonged to a civil defense group, gen medina says they did not. in another report, which lasts 1 minute, the announcer says president virgilio barco will tonight disclose his government\'s peace proposal, which contains three basic points: "regional dialogue, demobilization, handing over of weapons, and pardon." the rest of this report gives the 40-year background of violence.  near the end of the cast, the announcer adds to the initial report on the el tomate attack with a 3-minute update that adds "2 injured, 21 houses destroyed, and 1 bus burned." reporter osvaldo castilla describes video images of how the area was left. castilla reports that "tuesday night, while residents slept or watched television, 30 guerrillas dressed in military uniforms set the shacks on fire, indiscriminately shooting those who ran for their lives, while spraying gasoline on others and setting them on fire." the announcer says that besides the dead, there are several people missing, and that the attackers left slogans painted on walls. the announcer says the attack is thought to have been carried out by an army of national liberation group.</s>', 'start_gold': 1061, 'end_gold': 1072, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(298, 303, ' those who ran for their', -0.7283799648284912), (298, 314, ' those who ran for their lives, while spraying gasoline on others and setting them on', -2.086717128753662), (298, 315, ' those who ran for their lives, while spraying gasoline on others and setting them on fire', -3.9355087280273438)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>bogota inravision television cadena 1 in spanish at 1730 gmt on 1 september broadcasts approximately 3 minutes of reports by national police director general jose guillermo medina sanchez, who confirms that 15 civilians were killed "tuesday night" in el tomate, canaletes municipality, cordoba department, by a gang "possibly belonging to the popular liberation army." the initial report mentions 10 killed, but gen medina mentions "12 killed, 15 injured, and 26 shacks burned." the reporter asks gen medina if those who were killed belonged to a civil defense group, gen medina says they did not. in another report, which lasts 1 minute, the announcer says president virgilio barco will tonight disclose his government\'s peace proposal, which contains three basic points: "regional dialogue, demobilization, handing over of weapons, and pardon." the rest of this report gives the 40-year background of violence.  near the end of the cast, the announcer adds to the initial report on the el tomate attack with a 3-minute update that adds "2 injured, 21 houses destroyed, and 1 bus burned." reporter osvaldo castilla describes video images of how the area was left. castilla reports that "tuesday night, while residents slept or watched television, 30 guerrillas dressed in military uniforms set the shacks on fire, indiscriminately shooting those who ran for their lives, while spraying gasoline on others and setting them on fire." the announcer says that besides the dead, there are several people missing, and that the attackers left slogans painted on walls. the announcer says the attack is thought to have been carried out by an army of national liberation group.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(56, 57, ' 15', 1.8190480470657349), (56, 56, '', -0.044493675231933594), (56, 81, ' 15 civilians were killed "tuesday night" in el tomate, canaletes municipality, cordoba department, by a', -0.0658562183380127)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>bogota inravision television cadena 1 in spanish at 1730 gmt on 1 september broadcasts approximately 3 minutes of reports by national police director general jose guillermo medina sanchez, who confirms that 15 civilians were killed "tuesday night" in el tomate, canaletes municipality, cordoba department, by a gang "possibly belonging to the popular liberation army." the initial report mentions 10 killed, but gen medina mentions "12 killed, 15 injured, and 26 shacks burned." the reporter asks gen medina if those who were killed belonged to a civil defense group, gen medina says they did not. in another report, which lasts 1 minute, the announcer says president virgilio barco will tonight disclose his government\'s peace proposal, which contains three basic points: "regional dialogue, demobilization, handing over of weapons, and pardon." the rest of this report gives the 40-year background of violence.  near the end of the cast, the announcer adds to the initial report on the el tomate attack with a 3-minute update that adds "2 injured, 21 houses destroyed, and 1 bus burned." reporter osvaldo castilla describes video images of how the area was left. castilla reports that "tuesday night, while residents slept or watched television, 30 guerrillas dressed in military uniforms set the shacks on fire, indiscriminately shooting those who ran for their lives, while spraying gasoline on others and setting them on fire." the announcer says that besides the dead, there are several people missing, and that the attackers left slogans painted on walls. the announcer says the attack is thought to have been carried out by an army of national liberation group.</s>', 'start_gold': 1317, 'end_gold': 1328, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(280, 287, ' 30 guerrillas dressed in military', 9.878883361816406), (280, 283, ' 30 guerr', 7.23283576965332), (280, 286, ' 30 guerrillas dressed in', 5.7973737716674805)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>early this morning, two powerful bombs rocked san salvador's metropolitan area. according to reports, the bombs were planted by fmln urban guerrillas.  the powerful bombs were planted in two government vehicles, license plates 6906 and 6895, used by the rural basic health plan section of the health ministry.  the destroyed cars were parked at first street west and 21st avenue north. the bombs, planted under the car hoods, shattered the windshields and destroyed the car bodies. strangely enough, the rebels did not leave leaflets, as is their custom. (passage omitted)    in a communique read this afternoon over the phone, the fmln general command claimed responsibility for the destruction of the two vehicles. they said this is part of the urban guerrillas' latest campaign to sabotage government property.</s>", 'start_gold': 137, 'end_gold': 154, 'gold': ' read this afternoon over the phone, the fmln general command claimed responsibility for the', 'candidates': [(34, 40, ' fmln urban guerr', 8.614456176757812), (34, 41, ' fmln urban guerrillas', 5.8928961753845215), (34, 36, ' fml', 1.401841402053833)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>early this morning, two powerful bombs rocked san salvador's metropolitan area. according to reports, the bombs were planted by fmln urban guerrillas.  the powerful bombs were planted in two government vehicles, license plates 6906 and 6895, used by the rural basic health plan section of the health ministry.  the destroyed cars were parked at first street west and 21st avenue north. the bombs, planted under the car hoods, shattered the windshields and destroyed the car bodies. strangely enough, the rebels did not leave leaflets, as is their custom. (passage omitted)    in a communique read this afternoon over the phone, the fmln general command claimed responsibility for the destruction of the two vehicles. they said this is part of the urban guerrillas' latest campaign to sabotage government property.</s>", 'start_gold': 137, 'end_gold': 150, 'gold': ' read this afternoon over the phone, the fmln general command', 'candidates': [(34, 40, ' fmln urban guerr', 11.456436157226562), (34, 41, ' fmln urban guerrillas', 8.353327751159668), (34, 36, ' fml', 4.408534049987793)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>early this morning, two powerful bombs rocked san salvador's metropolitan area. according to reports, the bombs were planted by fmln urban guerrillas.  the powerful bombs were planted in two government vehicles, license plates 6906 and 6895, used by the rural basic health plan section of the health ministry.  the destroyed cars were parked at first street west and 21st avenue north. the bombs, planted under the car hoods, shattered the windshields and destroyed the car bodies. strangely enough, the rebels did not leave leaflets, as is their custom. (passage omitted)    in a communique read this afternoon over the phone, the fmln general command claimed responsibility for the destruction of the two vehicles. they said this is part of the urban guerrillas' latest campaign to sabotage government property.</s>", 'start_gold': 199, 'end_gold': 232, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(48, 50, ' two government', 7.077295780181885), (48, 71, ' two government vehicles, license plates 6906 and 6895, used by the rural basic health plan section of the health', 5.301904201507568), (48, 72, ' two government vehicles, license plates 6906 and 6895, used by the rural basic health plan section of the health ministry', 4.043254375457764)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>early this morning, two powerful bombs rocked san salvador's metropolitan area. according to reports, the bombs were planted by fmln urban guerrillas.  the powerful bombs were planted in two government vehicles, license plates 6906 and 6895, used by the rural basic health plan section of the health ministry.  the destroyed cars were parked at first street west and 21st avenue north. the bombs, planted under the car hoods, shattered the windshields and destroyed the car bodies. strangely enough, the rebels did not leave leaflets, as is their custom. (passage omitted)    in a communique read this afternoon over the phone, the fmln general command claimed responsibility for the destruction of the two vehicles. they said this is part of the urban guerrillas' latest campaign to sabotage government property.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(48, 50, ' two government', 2.0254781246185303), (48, 71, ' two government vehicles, license plates 6906 and 6895, used by the rural basic health plan section of the health', 0.5177555084228516), (48, 72, ' two government vehicles, license plates 6906 and 6895, used by the rural basic health plan section of the health ministry', -0.5025806427001953)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>early this morning, two powerful bombs rocked san salvador's metropolitan area. according to reports, the bombs were planted by fmln urban guerrillas.  the powerful bombs were planted in two government vehicles, license plates 6906 and 6895, used by the rural basic health plan section of the health ministry.  the destroyed cars were parked at first street west and 21st avenue north. the bombs, planted under the car hoods, shattered the windshields and destroyed the car bodies. strangely enough, the rebels did not leave leaflets, as is their custom. (passage omitted)    in a communique read this afternoon over the phone, the fmln general command claimed responsibility for the destruction of the two vehicles. they said this is part of the urban guerrillas' latest campaign to sabotage government property.</s>", 'start_gold': 28, 'end_gold': 41, 'gold': ' the bombs were planted by fmln urban guerrillas.', 'candidates': [(33, 39, ' fmln urban guerr', 12.985605239868164), (33, 40, ' fmln urban guerrillas', 10.029038429260254), (33, 50, ' fmln urban guerrillas.  the powerful bombs were planted in two government', 6.707544326782227)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>in recent military operations, armed forces units killed one rebel, seized 45,000 cartridges and other war materiel, and destroyed an underground hideout.    the terrorist died in a clash with 6th infantry brigade units. the soldiers had detected an fmln column deploying near la arana hill in estanzuelas, usulutan department.    the 1st infantry brigade also reported that libertad battalion troops found an underground warehouse near the el castano farm in nejapa, north of san salvador. in the warehouse, the brigade units found 45,000 cartridges of various calibers and a large amount of material for manufacturing explosives.    in addition, atlacatl battalion counterinsurgency units recently seized 15 fragmentation grenades, 5 claymore mines, 5 booby traps, 10 units of tnt, loaded cartridge clips, and 7 knapsacks containing civilian clothing, olive-green uniforms, and communist propaganda. these items were apparently left behind by wounded rebels who managed to flee after a clash with the battalion members at the foot of el chino hill in san francisco morazan, chalatenango department.    furthermore, 2d infantry brigade units patrolling the zone of el rodeo in el congo, santa ana department, discovered a 200-meter underground hideout big enough to conceal at least 250 insurgents. the brigade units proceeded to destroy the hideout.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(288, 289, ' 250', -1.8555457592010498), (288, 288, '', -5.700958251953125), (288, 290, ' 250 insurgents', -6.202797889709473)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>in recent military operations, armed forces units killed one rebel, seized 45,000 cartridges and other war materiel, and destroyed an underground hideout.    the terrorist died in a clash with 6th infantry brigade units. the soldiers had detected an fmln column deploying near la arana hill in estanzuelas, usulutan department.    the 1st infantry brigade also reported that libertad battalion troops found an underground warehouse near the el castano farm in nejapa, north of san salvador. in the warehouse, the brigade units found 45,000 cartridges of various calibers and a large amount of material for manufacturing explosives.    in addition, atlacatl battalion counterinsurgency units recently seized 15 fragmentation grenades, 5 claymore mines, 5 booby traps, 10 units of tnt, loaded cartridge clips, and 7 knapsacks containing civilian clothing, olive-green uniforms, and communist propaganda. these items were apparently left behind by wounded rebels who managed to flee after a clash with the battalion members at the foot of el chino hill in san francisco morazan, chalatenango department.    furthermore, 2d infantry brigade units patrolling the zone of el rodeo in el congo, santa ana department, discovered a 200-meter underground hideout big enough to conceal at least 250 insurgents. the brigade units proceeded to destroy the hideout.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(202, 213, ' communist propaganda. these items were apparently left behind by wounded', -2.8794164657592773), (202, 202, '', -3.584524631500244), (202, 224, ' communist propaganda. these items were apparently left behind by wounded rebels who managed to flee after a clash with the battalion', -5.144252777099609)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>in recent military operations, armed forces units killed one rebel, seized 45,000 cartridges and other war materiel, and destroyed an underground hideout.    the terrorist died in a clash with 6th infantry brigade units. the soldiers had detected an fmln column deploying near la arana hill in estanzuelas, usulutan department.    the 1st infantry brigade also reported that libertad battalion troops found an underground warehouse near the el castano farm in nejapa, north of san salvador. in the warehouse, the brigade units found 45,000 cartridges of various calibers and a large amount of material for manufacturing explosives.    in addition, atlacatl battalion counterinsurgency units recently seized 15 fragmentation grenades, 5 claymore mines, 5 booby traps, 10 units of tnt, loaded cartridge clips, and 7 knapsacks containing civilian clothing, olive-green uniforms, and communist propaganda. these items were apparently left behind by wounded rebels who managed to flee after a clash with the battalion members at the foot of el chino hill in san francisco morazan, chalatenango department.    furthermore, 2d infantry brigade units patrolling the zone of el rodeo in el congo, santa ana department, discovered a 200-meter underground hideout big enough to conceal at least 250 insurgents. the brigade units proceeded to destroy the hideout.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(287, 288, ' 250', -6.223690509796143), (287, 289, ' 250 insurgents', -7.085090160369873), (287, 298, ' 250 insurgents. the brigade units proceeded to destroy the hide', -8.081926345825195)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>in recent military operations, armed forces units killed one rebel, seized 45,000 cartridges and other war materiel, and destroyed an underground hideout.    the terrorist died in a clash with 6th infantry brigade units. the soldiers had detected an fmln column deploying near la arana hill in estanzuelas, usulutan department.    the 1st infantry brigade also reported that libertad battalion troops found an underground warehouse near the el castano farm in nejapa, north of san salvador. in the warehouse, the brigade units found 45,000 cartridges of various calibers and a large amount of material for manufacturing explosives.    in addition, atlacatl battalion counterinsurgency units recently seized 15 fragmentation grenades, 5 claymore mines, 5 booby traps, 10 units of tnt, loaded cartridge clips, and 7 knapsacks containing civilian clothing, olive-green uniforms, and communist propaganda. these items were apparently left behind by wounded rebels who managed to flee after a clash with the battalion members at the foot of el chino hill in san francisco morazan, chalatenango department.    furthermore, 2d infantry brigade units patrolling the zone of el rodeo in el congo, santa ana department, discovered a 200-meter underground hideout big enough to conceal at least 250 insurgents. the brigade units proceeded to destroy the hideout.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(42, 53, ' the terrorist died in a clash with 6th infantry brigade', 2.4570329189300537), (42, 54, ' the terrorist died in a clash with 6th infantry brigade units', 0.38235485553741455), (42, 52, ' the terrorist died in a clash with 6th infantry', -2.653200149536133)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>in recent military operations, armed forces units killed one rebel, seized 45,000 cartridges and other war materiel, and destroyed an underground hideout.    the terrorist died in a clash with 6th infantry brigade units. the soldiers had detected an fmln column deploying near la arana hill in estanzuelas, usulutan department.    the 1st infantry brigade also reported that libertad battalion troops found an underground warehouse near the el castano farm in nejapa, north of san salvador. in the warehouse, the brigade units found 45,000 cartridges of various calibers and a large amount of material for manufacturing explosives.    in addition, atlacatl battalion counterinsurgency units recently seized 15 fragmentation grenades, 5 claymore mines, 5 booby traps, 10 units of tnt, loaded cartridge clips, and 7 knapsacks containing civilian clothing, olive-green uniforms, and communist propaganda. these items were apparently left behind by wounded rebels who managed to flee after a clash with the battalion members at the foot of el chino hill in san francisco morazan, chalatenango department.    furthermore, 2d infantry brigade units patrolling the zone of el rodeo in el congo, santa ana department, discovered a 200-meter underground hideout big enough to conceal at least 250 insurgents. the brigade units proceeded to destroy the hideout.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(150, 159, ' atlacatl battalion counterinsurgency', 0.7179996371269226), (150, 169, ' atlacatl battalion counterinsurgency units recently seized 15 fragmentation grenades, 5 claymore', -0.6832666397094727), (150, 174, ' atlacatl battalion counterinsurgency units recently seized 15 fragmentation grenades, 5 claymore mines, 5 booby', -0.8616257905960083)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>interior, migration, and justice minister juan carlos duran has said that since 1985 president victor paz estenssoro\'s administration made great progress in the struggle against drug trafficking for the benefit of bolivian society.    the interior minister said that the current administration has obtained great achievements in its struggle against drug traffiking by eliminating 80 percent of this illegal activity.    duran said that during paz\' administration about 1,000 people connected with drug trafficking have been arrested, 1,000 cocaine laboratories have been destroyed, and 20 tons of drugs have been confiscated.    he said that bolivian society has witnessed these achievements as part of the government\'s effort to eradicate drug trafficking from the national territory.    the interior minister expressed great annoyance at an article published by the newspaper el pais, of madrid, spain, in which felipe kempff, son of the murdered bolivian scientist noel kempff, asserts that the bolivian and u.s. governments allow the manufacturing of cocaine and use the procedes to finance the international struggle against communism.    duran said: "i will ask the district prosecutor to summon felipe kempff to court in order to make him tell everything he knows. he must say to whom the cocaine laboratories belong, how much drug it can process, and whom it benefits."    after felipe kempff reported the alleged existence of a second cocaine laboratory in huanchaca, the special antinarcotics forces raided the area for 15 days and were unable to find any other laboratory except for one that was dismantled in 1986, minister duran said.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(191, 195, ' felipe kemp', -4.389435291290283), (191, 221, ' felipe kempff, son of the murdered bolivian scientist noel kempff, asserts that the bolivian and u.s', -5.583540916442871), (191, 209, ' felipe kempff, son of the murdered bolivian scientist noel kemp', -5.708600997924805)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>interior, migration, and justice minister juan carlos duran has said that since 1985 president victor paz estenssoro\'s administration made great progress in the struggle against drug trafficking for the benefit of bolivian society.    the interior minister said that the current administration has obtained great achievements in its struggle against drug traffiking by eliminating 80 percent of this illegal activity.    duran said that during paz\' administration about 1,000 people connected with drug trafficking have been arrested, 1,000 cocaine laboratories have been destroyed, and 20 tons of drugs have been confiscated.    he said that bolivian society has witnessed these achievements as part of the government\'s effort to eradicate drug trafficking from the national territory.    the interior minister expressed great annoyance at an article published by the newspaper el pais, of madrid, spain, in which felipe kempff, son of the murdered bolivian scientist noel kempff, asserts that the bolivian and u.s. governments allow the manufacturing of cocaine and use the procedes to finance the international struggle against communism.    duran said: "i will ask the district prosecutor to summon felipe kempff to court in order to make him tell everything he knows. he must say to whom the cocaine laboratories belong, how much drug it can process, and whom it benefits."    after felipe kempff reported the alleged existence of a second cocaine laboratory in huanchaca, the special antinarcotics forces raided the area for 15 days and were unable to find any other laboratory except for one that was dismantled in 1986, minister duran said.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(214, 222, ' bolivian and u.s.', 1.9323999881744385), (214, 221, ' bolivian and u.s', -0.25973278284072876), (214, 227, ' bolivian and u.s. governments allow the manufacturing of', -0.72630375623703)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>interior, migration, and justice minister juan carlos duran has said that since 1985 president victor paz estenssoro\'s administration made great progress in the struggle against drug trafficking for the benefit of bolivian society.    the interior minister said that the current administration has obtained great achievements in its struggle against drug traffiking by eliminating 80 percent of this illegal activity.    duran said that during paz\' administration about 1,000 people connected with drug trafficking have been arrested, 1,000 cocaine laboratories have been destroyed, and 20 tons of drugs have been confiscated.    he said that bolivian society has witnessed these achievements as part of the government\'s effort to eradicate drug trafficking from the national territory.    the interior minister expressed great annoyance at an article published by the newspaper el pais, of madrid, spain, in which felipe kempff, son of the murdered bolivian scientist noel kempff, asserts that the bolivian and u.s. governments allow the manufacturing of cocaine and use the procedes to finance the international struggle against communism.    duran said: "i will ask the district prosecutor to summon felipe kempff to court in order to make him tell everything he knows. he must say to whom the cocaine laboratories belong, how much drug it can process, and whom it benefits."    after felipe kempff reported the alleged existence of a second cocaine laboratory in huanchaca, the special antinarcotics forces raided the area for 15 days and were unable to find any other laboratory except for one that was dismantled in 1986, minister duran said.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(116, 117, ' cocaine', -0.8258498907089233), (116, 129, ' cocaine laboratories have been destroyed, and 20 tons of drugs have been', -1.1878371238708496), (116, 120, ' cocaine laboratories have been', -1.3647421598434448)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>interior, migration, and justice minister juan carlos duran has said that since 1985 president victor paz estenssoro\'s administration made great progress in the struggle against drug trafficking for the benefit of bolivian society.    the interior minister said that the current administration has obtained great achievements in its struggle against drug traffiking by eliminating 80 percent of this illegal activity.    duran said that during paz\' administration about 1,000 people connected with drug trafficking have been arrested, 1,000 cocaine laboratories have been destroyed, and 20 tons of drugs have been confiscated.    he said that bolivian society has witnessed these achievements as part of the government\'s effort to eradicate drug trafficking from the national territory.    the interior minister expressed great annoyance at an article published by the newspaper el pais, of madrid, spain, in which felipe kempff, son of the murdered bolivian scientist noel kempff, asserts that the bolivian and u.s. governments allow the manufacturing of cocaine and use the procedes to finance the international struggle against communism.    duran said: "i will ask the district prosecutor to summon felipe kempff to court in order to make him tell everything he knows. he must say to whom the cocaine laboratories belong, how much drug it can process, and whom it benefits."    after felipe kempff reported the alleged existence of a second cocaine laboratory in huanchaca, the special antinarcotics forces raided the area for 15 days and were unable to find any other laboratory except for one that was dismantled in 1986, minister duran said.</s>', 'start_gold': 977, 'end_gold': 992, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(116, 117, ' cocaine', -3.690769910812378), (116, 120, ' cocaine laboratories have been', -3.7673420906066895), (116, 129, ' cocaine laboratories have been destroyed, and 20 tons of drugs have been', -4.63262939453125)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>interior, migration, and justice minister juan carlos duran has said that since 1985 president victor paz estenssoro\'s administration made great progress in the struggle against drug trafficking for the benefit of bolivian society.    the interior minister said that the current administration has obtained great achievements in its struggle against drug traffiking by eliminating 80 percent of this illegal activity.    duran said that during paz\' administration about 1,000 people connected with drug trafficking have been arrested, 1,000 cocaine laboratories have been destroyed, and 20 tons of drugs have been confiscated.    he said that bolivian society has witnessed these achievements as part of the government\'s effort to eradicate drug trafficking from the national territory.    the interior minister expressed great annoyance at an article published by the newspaper el pais, of madrid, spain, in which felipe kempff, son of the murdered bolivian scientist noel kempff, asserts that the bolivian and u.s. governments allow the manufacturing of cocaine and use the procedes to finance the international struggle against communism.    duran said: "i will ask the district prosecutor to summon felipe kempff to court in order to make him tell everything he knows. he must say to whom the cocaine laboratories belong, how much drug it can process, and whom it benefits."    after felipe kempff reported the alleged existence of a second cocaine laboratory in huanchaca, the special antinarcotics forces raided the area for 15 days and were unable to find any other laboratory except for one that was dismantled in 1986, minister duran said.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(279, 280, ' cocaine', 1.6314098834991455), (279, 281, ' cocaine laboratories', 0.05025768280029297), (279, 279, '', -1.3933476209640503)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>two terrorist attacks were carried out in lima last night.    the lima agrarian unit (unidad agraria de lima) and the economy ministry were the targets of the insane terrorist actions.    a powerful bomb exploded in the front of departmental agrarian unit no 6, located on block no 5 of uruguay avenue. the attack came at approximately 2230 last night. members of the civil guard, the republican guard antiexplosives brigade, and the peruvian investigative police went to the site of the explosion.    the members of the republican guard antiexplosives brigade are investigating to determine the magnitude of the bomb used in this attack. (recorded passage omitted)    the economy and finance ministry building was another target of the terrorists' actions this evening. the terrorists planted a bomb inside a vehicle belonging to emol entero. the bomb went off at approximately 2230.  (recorded passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 746, 'end_gold': 759, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(192, 195, ' emol ent', -0.7028957605361938), (192, 196, ' emol entero', -2.44631028175354), (192, 194, ' emol', -6.558651447296143)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>two terrorist attacks were carried out in lima last night.    the lima agrarian unit (unidad agraria de lima) and the economy ministry were the targets of the insane terrorist actions.    a powerful bomb exploded in the front of departmental agrarian unit no 6, located on block no 5 of uruguay avenue. the attack came at approximately 2230 last night. members of the civil guard, the republican guard antiexplosives brigade, and the peruvian investigative police went to the site of the explosion.    the members of the republican guard antiexplosives brigade are investigating to determine the magnitude of the bomb used in this attack. (recorded passage omitted)    the economy and finance ministry building was another target of the terrorists' actions this evening. the terrorists planted a bomb inside a vehicle belonging to emol entero. the bomb went off at approximately 2230.  (recorded passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(26, 45, ' lima agrarian unit (unidad agraria de lima) and the economy', -2.140702724456787), (26, 53, ' lima agrarian unit (unidad agraria de lima) and the economy ministry were the targets of the insane terrorist', -4.489950656890869), (26, 31, ' lima agrarian', -5.14576530456543)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>two terrorist attacks were carried out in lima last night.    the lima agrarian unit (unidad agraria de lima) and the economy ministry were the targets of the insane terrorist actions.    a powerful bomb exploded in the front of departmental agrarian unit no 6, located on block no 5 of uruguay avenue. the attack came at approximately 2230 last night. members of the civil guard, the republican guard antiexplosives brigade, and the peruvian investigative police went to the site of the explosion.    the members of the republican guard antiexplosives brigade are investigating to determine the magnitude of the bomb used in this attack. (recorded passage omitted)    the economy and finance ministry building was another target of the terrorists' actions this evening. the terrorists planted a bomb inside a vehicle belonging to emol entero. the bomb went off at approximately 2230.  (recorded passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 74, 'end_gold': 90, 'gold': ' located on block no 5 of uruguay avenue. the attack came at approximately', 'candidates': [(25, 44, ' lima agrarian unit (unidad agraria de lima) and the economy', 12.348834991455078), (25, 30, ' lima agrarian', 6.270788192749023), (25, 47, ' lima agrarian unit (unidad agraria de lima) and the economy ministry were the', 5.809793472290039)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>two terrorist attacks were carried out in lima last night.    the lima agrarian unit (unidad agraria de lima) and the economy ministry were the targets of the insane terrorist actions.    a powerful bomb exploded in the front of departmental agrarian unit no 6, located on block no 5 of uruguay avenue. the attack came at approximately 2230 last night. members of the civil guard, the republican guard antiexplosives brigade, and the peruvian investigative police went to the site of the explosion.    the members of the republican guard antiexplosives brigade are investigating to determine the magnitude of the bomb used in this attack. (recorded passage omitted)    the economy and finance ministry building was another target of the terrorists' actions this evening. the terrorists planted a bomb inside a vehicle belonging to emol entero. the bomb went off at approximately 2230.  (recorded passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(25, 44, ' lima agrarian unit (unidad agraria de lima) and the economy', 11.634542465209961), (25, 30, ' lima agrarian', 6.870802879333496), (25, 52, ' lima agrarian unit (unidad agraria de lima) and the economy ministry were the targets of the insane terrorist', 5.847979545593262)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>two terrorist attacks were carried out in lima last night.    the lima agrarian unit (unidad agraria de lima) and the economy ministry were the targets of the insane terrorist actions.    a powerful bomb exploded in the front of departmental agrarian unit no 6, located on block no 5 of uruguay avenue. the attack came at approximately 2230 last night. members of the civil guard, the republican guard antiexplosives brigade, and the peruvian investigative police went to the site of the explosion.    the members of the republican guard antiexplosives brigade are investigating to determine the magnitude of the bomb used in this attack. (recorded passage omitted)    the economy and finance ministry building was another target of the terrorists' actions this evening. the terrorists planted a bomb inside a vehicle belonging to emol entero. the bomb went off at approximately 2230.  (recorded passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 198, 'end_gold': 210, 'gold': ' went off at approximately 2230.  (recorded passage omitted', 'candidates': [(191, 194, ' emol ent', 14.178413391113281), (191, 195, ' emol entero', 11.760906219482422), (191, 191, '', 5.277294635772705)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the chilean human rights committee has handed general pinochet a public petition requesting him to explain to the country some serious crimes, which cannot be denied, that occurred during his term in office.  this petition expresses the concern of the chilean people regarding these crimes.    the petition was released by representatives of the chilean human rights committee, which is headed by lawyer jaime castillo velasco and maximo pacheco, who was education minister during president eduardo frei's administration.    the petition, which is addressed to mr augusto pinochet ugarte--appointed president of the republic for another period of government (as heard) and the highest executive branch representative for the past 15 years--points out some serious human rights violations, which must be explained.    these violations occurred during the period following 11 september 1973, when national life became uncontrollable, several homes were raided, and many people were harassed and killed. the petition also requests clarification on cases of people who inexplicably have been missing since their arrest for reasons still unknown.  (passage omitted)    through its children and adolescents' department, the chilean human rights committee has explained its concern over the use of children in propaganda spots supporting the yes-vote, which are broadcast on television.  (passage omitted)    the communique released by the human rights committee ends by urging the advertisement professionals who created this type of propaganda to be more creative and positive instead of adding horror to the pain of the chilean nation.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(19, 21, ' general pin', -3.257803440093994), (19, 48, ' general pinochet a public petition requesting him to explain to the country some serious crimes, which cannot be denied, that occurred during his term in office', -7.119572639465332), (19, 34, ' general pinochet a public petition requesting him to explain to the country some serious', -7.465928077697754)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the chilean human rights committee has handed general pinochet a public petition requesting him to explain to the country some serious crimes, which cannot be denied, that occurred during his term in office.  this petition expresses the concern of the chilean people regarding these crimes.    the petition was released by representatives of the chilean human rights committee, which is headed by lawyer jaime castillo velasco and maximo pacheco, who was education minister during president eduardo frei's administration.    the petition, which is addressed to mr augusto pinochet ugarte--appointed president of the republic for another period of government (as heard) and the highest executive branch representative for the past 15 years--points out some serious human rights violations, which must be explained.    these violations occurred during the period following 11 september 1973, when national life became uncontrollable, several homes were raided, and many people were harassed and killed. the petition also requests clarification on cases of people who inexplicably have been missing since their arrest for reasons still unknown.  (passage omitted)    through its children and adolescents' department, the chilean human rights committee has explained its concern over the use of children in propaganda spots supporting the yes-vote, which are broadcast on television.  (passage omitted)    the communique released by the human rights committee ends by urging the advertisement professionals who created this type of propaganda to be more creative and positive instead of adding horror to the pain of the chilean nation.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(305, 306, ' advertisement', -4.337398529052734), (305, 332, ' advertisement professionals who created this type of propaganda to be more creative and positive instead of adding horror to the pain of the chilean nation', -7.1656646728515625), (305, 305, '', -7.424569129943848)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the chilean human rights committee has handed general pinochet a public petition requesting him to explain to the country some serious crimes, which cannot be denied, that occurred during his term in office.  this petition expresses the concern of the chilean people regarding these crimes.    the petition was released by representatives of the chilean human rights committee, which is headed by lawyer jaime castillo velasco and maximo pacheco, who was education minister during president eduardo frei's administration.    the petition, which is addressed to mr augusto pinochet ugarte--appointed president of the republic for another period of government (as heard) and the highest executive branch representative for the past 15 years--points out some serious human rights violations, which must be explained.    these violations occurred during the period following 11 september 1973, when national life became uncontrollable, several homes were raided, and many people were harassed and killed. the petition also requests clarification on cases of people who inexplicably have been missing since their arrest for reasons still unknown.  (passage omitted)    through its children and adolescents' department, the chilean human rights committee has explained its concern over the use of children in propaganda spots supporting the yes-vote, which are broadcast on television.  (passage omitted)    the communique released by the human rights committee ends by urging the advertisement professionals who created this type of propaganda to be more creative and positive instead of adding horror to the pain of the chilean nation.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(198, 209, ' several homes were raided, and many people were harassed and', 4.6729021072387695), (198, 201, ' several homes were', 4.254788398742676), (198, 199, ' several', 3.689122200012207)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the chilean human rights committee has handed general pinochet a public petition requesting him to explain to the country some serious crimes, which cannot be denied, that occurred during his term in office.  this petition expresses the concern of the chilean people regarding these crimes.    the petition was released by representatives of the chilean human rights committee, which is headed by lawyer jaime castillo velasco and maximo pacheco, who was education minister during president eduardo frei's administration.    the petition, which is addressed to mr augusto pinochet ugarte--appointed president of the republic for another period of government (as heard) and the highest executive branch representative for the past 15 years--points out some serious human rights violations, which must be explained.    these violations occurred during the period following 11 september 1973, when national life became uncontrollable, several homes were raided, and many people were harassed and killed. the petition also requests clarification on cases of people who inexplicably have been missing since their arrest for reasons still unknown.  (passage omitted)    through its children and adolescents' department, the chilean human rights committee has explained its concern over the use of children in propaganda spots supporting the yes-vote, which are broadcast on television.  (passage omitted)    the communique released by the human rights committee ends by urging the advertisement professionals who created this type of propaganda to be more creative and positive instead of adding horror to the pain of the chilean nation.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(204, 209, ' many people were harassed and', 3.3089346885681152), (204, 205, ' many', -1.378092885017395), (204, 232, ' many people were harassed and killed. the petition also requests clarification on cases of people who inexplicably have been missing since their arrest for reasons still', -1.795935034751892)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the chilean human rights committee has handed general pinochet a public petition requesting him to explain to the country some serious crimes, which cannot be denied, that occurred during his term in office.  this petition expresses the concern of the chilean people regarding these crimes.    the petition was released by representatives of the chilean human rights committee, which is headed by lawyer jaime castillo velasco and maximo pacheco, who was education minister during president eduardo frei's administration.    the petition, which is addressed to mr augusto pinochet ugarte--appointed president of the republic for another period of government (as heard) and the highest executive branch representative for the past 15 years--points out some serious human rights violations, which must be explained.    these violations occurred during the period following 11 september 1973, when national life became uncontrollable, several homes were raided, and many people were harassed and killed. the petition also requests clarification on cases of people who inexplicably have been missing since their arrest for reasons still unknown.  (passage omitted)    through its children and adolescents' department, the chilean human rights committee has explained its concern over the use of children in propaganda spots supporting the yes-vote, which are broadcast on television.  (passage omitted)    the communique released by the human rights committee ends by urging the advertisement professionals who created this type of propaganda to be more creative and positive instead of adding horror to the pain of the chilean nation.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(266, 266, '', -1.312800645828247), (266, 280, ' children in propaganda spots supporting the yes-vote, which are broadcast on', -2.477372169494629), (266, 269, ' children in propaganda', -3.4447875022888184)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>three new terrorist attacks were carried out early this morning, at an airport in barranquilla, at the communist party headquarters in florencia, and at the cerro azul military installations in uraba. the police confirmed that unidentified individuals armed with machineguns attacked the colombian air force installations in the capital of atlantico. there were no casualties.    the malambo area, close to the barranquilla international airport, where the air base is located, was immediately militarized. guards at the site repelled the attack, which was apparently staged by guerrillas.    similarly, it was learned that a bomb exploded today at the communist party headquarters in the capital of caqueta, causing considerable property damage. it was immediately announced that no one had been injured or killed in the extremist action.    it was also announced that suspected subversives staged another attack on the installations of the battalion stationed in uraba at cerro azul, near turbo.    these terrorist attacks took place 1 day after the serious attack launched at the 2d army division headquarters in bucaramanga, which resulted in seven people injured and considerable property damage, affecting nine homes.</s>', 'start_gold': 19, 'end_gold': 31, 'gold': ' morning, at an airport in barranquilla, at', 'candidates': [(58, 63, ' unidentified individuals armed with machine', 10.568877220153809), (58, 59, ' unidentified', 6.530481338500977), (58, 58, '', 5.733512878417969)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>three new terrorist attacks were carried out early this morning, at an airport in barranquilla, at the communist party headquarters in florencia, and at the cerro azul military installations in uraba. the police confirmed that unidentified individuals armed with machineguns attacked the colombian air force installations in the capital of atlantico. there were no casualties.    the malambo area, close to the barranquilla international airport, where the air base is located, was immediately militarized. guards at the site repelled the attack, which was apparently staged by guerrillas.    similarly, it was learned that a bomb exploded today at the communist party headquarters in the capital of caqueta, causing considerable property damage. it was immediately announced that no one had been injured or killed in the extremist action.    it was also announced that suspected subversives staged another attack on the installations of the battalion stationed in uraba at cerro azul, near turbo.    these terrorist attacks took place 1 day after the serious attack launched at the 2d army division headquarters in bucaramanga, which resulted in seven people injured and considerable property damage, affecting nine homes.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(130, 132, ' guerr', 10.663841247558594), (130, 133, ' guerrillas', 4.7252278327941895), (130, 130, '', 2.8814468383789062)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>three new terrorist attacks were carried out early this morning, at an airport in barranquilla, at the communist party headquarters in florencia, and at the cerro azul military installations in uraba. the police confirmed that unidentified individuals armed with machineguns attacked the colombian air force installations in the capital of atlantico. there were no casualties.    the malambo area, close to the barranquilla international airport, where the air base is located, was immediately militarized. guards at the site repelled the attack, which was apparently staged by guerrillas.    similarly, it was learned that a bomb exploded today at the communist party headquarters in the capital of caqueta, causing considerable property damage. it was immediately announced that no one had been injured or killed in the extremist action.    it was also announced that suspected subversives staged another attack on the installations of the battalion stationed in uraba at cerro azul, near turbo.    these terrorist attacks took place 1 day after the serious attack launched at the 2d army division headquarters in bucaramanga, which resulted in seven people injured and considerable property damage, affecting nine homes.</s>', 'start_gold': 111, 'end_gold': 125, 'gold': ' immediately militarized. guards at the site repelled the attack, which', 'candidates': [(43, 48, ' cerro azul military', 4.985577583312988), (43, 51, ' cerro azul military installations in ur', 4.645267486572266), (43, 70, ' cerro azul military installations in uraba. the police confirmed that unidentified individuals armed with machineguns attacked the colombian air force', 3.3901405334472656)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>three new terrorist attacks were carried out early this morning, at an airport in barranquilla, at the communist party headquarters in florencia, and at the cerro azul military installations in uraba. the police confirmed that unidentified individuals armed with machineguns attacked the colombian air force installations in the capital of atlantico. there were no casualties.    the malambo area, close to the barranquilla international airport, where the air base is located, was immediately militarized. guards at the site repelled the attack, which was apparently staged by guerrillas.    similarly, it was learned that a bomb exploded today at the communist party headquarters in the capital of caqueta, causing considerable property damage. it was immediately announced that no one had been injured or killed in the extremist action.    it was also announced that suspected subversives staged another attack on the installations of the battalion stationed in uraba at cerro azul, near turbo.    these terrorist attacks took place 1 day after the serious attack launched at the 2d army division headquarters in bucaramanga, which resulted in seven people injured and considerable property damage, affecting nine homes.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(80, 83, ' there were no', 0.4562153220176697), (80, 84, ' there were no casualties', -2.2032132148742676), (57, 83, ' unidentified individuals armed with machineguns attacked the colombian air force installations in the capital of atlantico. there were no', 0.04081413149833679)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>three new terrorist attacks were carried out early this morning, at an airport in barranquilla, at the communist party headquarters in florencia, and at the cerro azul military installations in uraba. the police confirmed that unidentified individuals armed with machineguns attacked the colombian air force installations in the capital of atlantico. there were no casualties.    the malambo area, close to the barranquilla international airport, where the air base is located, was immediately militarized. guards at the site repelled the attack, which was apparently staged by guerrillas.    similarly, it was learned that a bomb exploded today at the communist party headquarters in the capital of caqueta, causing considerable property damage. it was immediately announced that no one had been injured or killed in the extremist action.    it was also announced that suspected subversives staged another attack on the installations of the battalion stationed in uraba at cerro azul, near turbo.    these terrorist attacks took place 1 day after the serious attack launched at the 2d army division headquarters in bucaramanga, which resulted in seven people injured and considerable property damage, affecting nine homes.</s>', 'start_gold': 634, 'end_gold': 645, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(57, 62, ' unidentified individuals armed with machine', 11.490476608276367), (57, 58, ' unidentified', 8.861928939819336), (57, 70, ' unidentified individuals armed with machineguns attacked the colombian air force', 6.889668941497803)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>last night in san clemente district, 9 km north of pisco, a group of terrorists dynamited machinery belonging to albolones peruanos, inc.    approximately 20 terrorists barged into the plant armed with submachineguns and molotov cocktails and overpowered some 20 workers in order to dynamite some machinery.  after doing so, the terrorists fled from the site.    members of the security forces responded and asked for support from the city of ica.</s>', 'start_gold': 69, 'end_gold': 83, 'gold': ' workers in order to dynamite some machinery.  after doing so,', 'candidates': [(35, 40, ' albolones peruan', 6.399487018585205), (35, 41, ' albolones peruanos', 5.255418300628662), (35, 42, ' albolones peruanos,', 4.319049835205078)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>last night in san clemente district, 9 km north of pisco, a group of terrorists dynamited machinery belonging to albolones peruanos, inc.    approximately 20 terrorists barged into the plant armed with submachineguns and molotov cocktails and overpowered some 20 workers in order to dynamite some machinery.  after doing so, the terrorists fled from the site.    members of the security forces responded and asked for support from the city of ica.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(35, 40, ' albolones peruan', 8.86095905303955), (35, 41, ' albolones peruanos', 7.894769668579102), (35, 42, ' albolones peruanos,', 7.338632583618164)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>last night in san clemente district, 9 km north of pisco, a group of terrorists dynamited machinery belonging to albolones peruanos, inc.    approximately 20 terrorists barged into the plant armed with submachineguns and molotov cocktails and overpowered some 20 workers in order to dynamite some machinery.  after doing so, the terrorists fled from the site.    members of the security forces responded and asked for support from the city of ica.</s>', 'start_gold': 98, 'end_gold': 121, 'gold': ' and asked for support from the city of ica.</s><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(34, 39, ' albolones peruan', 6.985315322875977), (34, 40, ' albolones peruanos', 5.624455451965332), (34, 41, ' albolones peruanos,', 5.622809410095215)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>last night in san clemente district, 9 km north of pisco, a group of terrorists dynamited machinery belonging to albolones peruanos, inc.    approximately 20 terrorists barged into the plant armed with submachineguns and molotov cocktails and overpowered some 20 workers in order to dynamite some machinery.  after doing so, the terrorists fled from the site.    members of the security forces responded and asked for support from the city of ica.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(66, 68, ' some 20', 4.375875473022461), (66, 75, ' some 20 workers in order to dynamite some', 0.9500908851623535), (66, 76, ' some 20 workers in order to dynamite some machinery', 0.2865715026855469)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>last night in san clemente district, 9 km north of pisco, a group of terrorists dynamited machinery belonging to albolones peruanos, inc.    approximately 20 terrorists barged into the plant armed with submachineguns and molotov cocktails and overpowered some 20 workers in order to dynamite some machinery.  after doing so, the terrorists fled from the site.    members of the security forces responded and asked for support from the city of ica.</s>', 'start_gold': 229, 'end_gold': 243, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(34, 39, ' albolones peruan', 9.211484909057617), (34, 63, ' albolones peruanos, inc.    approximately 20 terrorists barged into the plant armed with submachineguns and molotov', 9.014721870422363), (34, 40, ' albolones peruanos', 7.209312438964844)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the plan included several points. the purpose of this plan was to pressure general noriega to resign from his military post in late august.    the psychological objectives of this plan were: to intensify and spread the repudiation of noriega within the fdp; to intensify and spread the repudiation of noriega's collaborators by mentioning specific names; to convince noriega that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince noriega's panamanian collaborators that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince foreign governments and noriega allies, particularly cuba and nicaragua, that he had lost fdp support and that his government was unsustainable; to convince governments that were hostile to noriega, especially venezuela and colombia, that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince foreign revolutionary movements that dealt with noriega, such as the fmln and the m-19, that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; and to move the anti-noriega sector within the fdp to support specific actions against noriega's regime.    the fdp members, officers, and troops were the targets of this plan.  we see how some were taken in by the psychological operations plan.  the targets of this plan were gen noriega, noriega's panamanian collaborators within the fdp, some civilians, foreign governments that are noriega's allies, foreign governments that are hostile to noriega, and foreign revolutionary organizations that deal with noriega. they identified all of noriega's vulnerabilities, as well as the vulnerabilities of all the targets we have already mentioned.    there were certain themes used in these psychological operations, and the media fell for them many times. this is why we repeatedly asked them not to fall for this misinformation.    these themes included: by imposing his arbitrary nature and corruption, noriega is perverting the fdp and promoting the disintegration of that military institution.  the fdp have become a mafia that is heading toward disgrace. this is a topic that has been discussed in leaflets and many publications.    by disrupting the constitutional order at his whim, noriega is provoking a profound social, economic, and political crisis that is ruining the country. this is done to hide those who are truly responsible for the crisis we are experiencing. the longer noriega remains in power, the more probable becomes a u.s., cuban, or soviet intervention.  the domestic and international conflicts provoked by noriega negatively affect the personal well-being of the fdp members and their families.    noriega's fall is inevitable and the fdp should not fall with him. to save the fdp and the republic of panama, the fdp must remove noriega from office. this is why there were siren songs that an internal coup was under way.    the state security organizations have been following this case for 5 months and we know the fugitives are in the united states. we know where they left from. no one can deny the association of certain u.s. citizens who are involved in this operation with the panamanian groups that were captured.    we have the evidence, the weapons, the instruments used for misinformation, the plans, and the maps with the targets for violence. important people who were going to be kidnapped had also been marked on these maps. they had marked the bridges that were to be destroyed.    gentlemen, we know the power of weapons and we know how to use them.  we know the damage they can do. therefore, before there was a violent confrontation between the panamanian people and their fdp, we went one step ahead of their plans. if arrests were made, it was because we wanted to avoid a confrontation with inexperienced groups that allowed themselves to be used for the personal benefit of those who received, with a siren song, the promise of the panamanian people's $30 million that eric arturo delvalle was going to use for subversive acts, bloody acts to bathe our people in blood, as in the case of the struggle of our brother countries in latin and central america.    we will not permit that. that is why we decided to go one step ahead and foil these plans that have a certain purpose and that would result in mourning and pain for panamanian families.    we have the evidence and those who were arrested were damn well arrested: alberto conte, fred boyd, and all those people who have been working behind the scenes so eduardo herrera and friends can live like kings in the united statets, so they can live their lives drinking champagne and eating pheasant.    eduardo herrera was</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(74, 78, " noriega's", 2.2751152515411377), (74, 82, " noriega's collaborators by mentioning specific", -0.8309499025344849), (74, 76, ' norie', -1.5645679235458374)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the plan included several points. the purpose of this plan was to pressure general noriega to resign from his military post in late august.    the psychological objectives of this plan were: to intensify and spread the repudiation of noriega within the fdp; to intensify and spread the repudiation of noriega's collaborators by mentioning specific names; to convince noriega that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince noriega's panamanian collaborators that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince foreign governments and noriega allies, particularly cuba and nicaragua, that he had lost fdp support and that his government was unsustainable; to convince governments that were hostile to noriega, especially venezuela and colombia, that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince foreign revolutionary movements that dealt with noriega, such as the fmln and the m-19, that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; and to move the anti-noriega sector within the fdp to support specific actions against noriega's regime.    the fdp members, officers, and troops were the targets of this plan.  we see how some were taken in by the psychological operations plan.  the targets of this plan were gen noriega, noriega's panamanian collaborators within the fdp, some civilians, foreign governments that are noriega's allies, foreign governments that are hostile to noriega, and foreign revolutionary organizations that deal with noriega. they identified all of noriega's vulnerabilities, as well as the vulnerabilities of all the targets we have already mentioned.    there were certain themes used in these psychological operations, and the media fell for them many times. this is why we repeatedly asked them not to fall for this misinformation.    these themes included: by imposing his arbitrary nature and corruption, noriega is perverting the fdp and promoting the disintegration of that military institution.  the fdp have become a mafia that is heading toward disgrace. this is a topic that has been discussed in leaflets and many publications.    by disrupting the constitutional order at his whim, noriega is provoking a profound social, economic, and political crisis that is ruining the country. this is done to hide those who are truly responsible for the crisis we are experiencing. the longer noriega remains in power, the more probable becomes a u.s., cuban, or soviet intervention.  the domestic and international conflicts provoked by noriega negatively affect the personal well-being of the fdp members and their families.    noriega's fall is inevitable and the fdp should not fall with him. to save the fdp and the republic of panama, the fdp must remove noriega from office. this is why there were siren songs that an internal coup was under way.    the state security organizations have been following this case for 5 months and we know the fugitives are in the united states. we know where they left from. no one can deny the association of certain u.s. citizens who are involved in this operation with the panamanian groups that were captured.    we have the evidence, the weapons, the instruments used for misinformation, the plans, and the maps with the targets for violence. important people who were going to be kidnapped had also been marked on these maps. they had marked the bridges that were to be destroyed.    gentlemen, we know the power of weapons and we know how to use them.  we know the damage they can do. therefore, before there was a violent confrontation between the panamanian people and their fdp, we went one step ahead of their plans. if arrests were made, it was because we wanted to avoid a confrontation with inexperienced groups that allowed themselves to be used for the personal benefit of those who received, with a siren song, the promise of the panamanian people's $30 million that eric arturo delvalle was going to use for subversive acts, bloody acts to bathe our people in blood, as in the case of the struggle of our brother countries in latin and central america.    we will not permit that. that is why we decided to go one step ahead and foil these plans that have a certain purpose and that would result in mourning and pain for panamanian families.    we have the evidence and those who were arrested were damn well arrested: alberto conte, fred boyd, and all those people who have been working behind the scenes so eduardo herrera and friends can live like kings in the united statets, so they can live their lives drinking champagne and eating pheasant.    eduardo herrera was</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(74, 78, " noriega's", 2.781834602355957), (74, 76, ' norie', -0.8249430656433105), (74, 82, " noriega's collaborators by mentioning specific", -0.8471109867095947)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the plan included several points. the purpose of this plan was to pressure general noriega to resign from his military post in late august.    the psychological objectives of this plan were: to intensify and spread the repudiation of noriega within the fdp; to intensify and spread the repudiation of noriega's collaborators by mentioning specific names; to convince noriega that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince noriega's panamanian collaborators that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince foreign governments and noriega allies, particularly cuba and nicaragua, that he had lost fdp support and that his government was unsustainable; to convince governments that were hostile to noriega, especially venezuela and colombia, that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince foreign revolutionary movements that dealt with noriega, such as the fmln and the m-19, that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; and to move the anti-noriega sector within the fdp to support specific actions against noriega's regime.    the fdp members, officers, and troops were the targets of this plan.  we see how some were taken in by the psychological operations plan.  the targets of this plan were gen noriega, noriega's panamanian collaborators within the fdp, some civilians, foreign governments that are noriega's allies, foreign governments that are hostile to noriega, and foreign revolutionary organizations that deal with noriega. they identified all of noriega's vulnerabilities, as well as the vulnerabilities of all the targets we have already mentioned.    there were certain themes used in these psychological operations, and the media fell for them many times. this is why we repeatedly asked them not to fall for this misinformation.    these themes included: by imposing his arbitrary nature and corruption, noriega is perverting the fdp and promoting the disintegration of that military institution.  the fdp have become a mafia that is heading toward disgrace. this is a topic that has been discussed in leaflets and many publications.    by disrupting the constitutional order at his whim, noriega is provoking a profound social, economic, and political crisis that is ruining the country. this is done to hide those who are truly responsible for the crisis we are experiencing. the longer noriega remains in power, the more probable becomes a u.s., cuban, or soviet intervention.  the domestic and international conflicts provoked by noriega negatively affect the personal well-being of the fdp members and their families.    noriega's fall is inevitable and the fdp should not fall with him. to save the fdp and the republic of panama, the fdp must remove noriega from office. this is why there were siren songs that an internal coup was under way.    the state security organizations have been following this case for 5 months and we know the fugitives are in the united states. we know where they left from. no one can deny the association of certain u.s. citizens who are involved in this operation with the panamanian groups that were captured.    we have the evidence, the weapons, the instruments used for misinformation, the plans, and the maps with the targets for violence. important people who were going to be kidnapped had also been marked on these maps. they had marked the bridges that were to be destroyed.    gentlemen, we know the power of weapons and we know how to use them.  we know the damage they can do. therefore, before there was a violent confrontation between the panamanian people and their fdp, we went one step ahead of their plans. if arrests were made, it was because we wanted to avoid a confrontation with inexperienced groups that allowed themselves to be used for the personal benefit of those who received, with a siren song, the promise of the panamanian people's $30 million that eric arturo delvalle was going to use for subversive acts, bloody acts to bathe our people in blood, as in the case of the struggle of our brother countries in latin and central america.    we will not permit that. that is why we decided to go one step ahead and foil these plans that have a certain purpose and that would result in mourning and pain for panamanian families.    we have the evidence and those who were arrested were damn well arrested: alberto conte, fred boyd, and all those people who have been working behind the scenes so eduardo herrera and friends can live like kings in the united statets, so they can live their lives drinking champagne and eating pheasant.    eduardo herrera was dismissed</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(259, 266, ' fdp members, officers, and', 10.57965087890625), (259, 269, ' fdp members, officers, and troops were the', 5.876720428466797), (259, 260, ' f', 5.355475902557373)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the plan included several points. the purpose of this plan was to pressure general noriega to resign from his military post in late august.    the psychological objectives of this plan were: to intensify and spread the repudiation of noriega within the fdp; to intensify and spread the repudiation of noriega's collaborators by mentioning specific names; to convince noriega that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince noriega's panamanian collaborators that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince foreign governments and noriega allies, particularly cuba and nicaragua, that he had lost fdp support and that his government was unsustainable; to convince governments that were hostile to noriega, especially venezuela and colombia, that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince foreign revolutionary movements that dealt with noriega, such as the fmln and the m-19, that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; and to move the anti-noriega sector within the fdp to support specific actions against noriega's regime.    the fdp members, officers, and troops were the targets of this plan.  we see how some were taken in by the psychological operations plan.  the targets of this plan were gen noriega, noriega's panamanian collaborators within the fdp, some civilians, foreign governments that are noriega's allies, foreign governments that are hostile to noriega, and foreign revolutionary organizations that deal with noriega. they identified all of noriega's vulnerabilities, as well as the vulnerabilities of all the targets we have already mentioned.    there were certain themes used in these psychological operations, and the media fell for them many times. this is why we repeatedly asked them not to fall for this misinformation.    these themes included: by imposing his arbitrary nature and corruption, noriega is perverting the fdp and promoting the disintegration of that military institution.  the fdp have become a mafia that is heading toward disgrace. this is a topic that has been discussed in leaflets and many publications.    by disrupting the constitutional order at his whim, noriega is provoking a profound social, economic, and political crisis that is ruining the country. this is done to hide those who are truly responsible for the crisis we are experiencing. the longer noriega remains in power, the more probable becomes a u.s., cuban, or soviet intervention.  the domestic and international conflicts provoked by noriega negatively affect the personal well-being of the fdp members and their families.    noriega's fall is inevitable and the fdp should not fall with him. to save the fdp and the republic of panama, the fdp must remove noriega from office. this is why there were siren songs that an internal coup was under way.    the state security organizations have been following this case for 5 months and we know the fugitives are in the united states. we know where they left from. no one can deny the association of certain u.s. citizens who are involved in this operation with the panamanian groups that were captured.    we have the evidence, the weapons, the instruments used for misinformation, the plans, and the maps with the targets for violence. important people who were going to be kidnapped had also been marked on these maps. they had marked the bridges that were to be destroyed.    gentlemen, we know the power of weapons and we know how to use them.  we know the damage they can do. therefore, before there was a violent confrontation between the panamanian people and their fdp, we went one step ahead of their plans. if arrests were made, it was because we wanted to avoid a confrontation with inexperienced groups that allowed themselves to be used for the personal benefit of those who received, with a siren song, the promise of the panamanian people's $30 million that eric arturo delvalle was going to use for subversive acts, bloody acts to bathe our people in blood, as in the case of the struggle of our brother countries in latin and central america.    we will not permit that. that is why we decided to go one step ahead and foil these plans that have a certain purpose and that would result in mourning and pain for panamanian families.    we have the evidence and those who were arrested were damn well arrested: alberto conte, fred boyd, and all those people who have been working behind the scenes so eduardo herrera and friends can live like kings in the united statets, so they can live their lives drinking champagne and eating pheasant.    eduardo herrera was dismissed</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(938, 941, ' panamanian', 6.662754058837891), (938, 942, ' panamanian families', 2.151731491088867), (938, 940, ' panaman', 1.6552817821502686)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the plan included several points. the purpose of this plan was to pressure general noriega to resign from his military post in late august.    the psychological objectives of this plan were: to intensify and spread the repudiation of noriega within the fdp; to intensify and spread the repudiation of noriega's collaborators by mentioning specific names; to convince noriega that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince noriega's panamanian collaborators that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince foreign governments and noriega allies, particularly cuba and nicaragua, that he had lost fdp support and that his government was unsustainable; to convince governments that were hostile to noriega, especially venezuela and colombia, that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; to convince foreign revolutionary movements that dealt with noriega, such as the fmln and the m-19, that he had lost fdp support and that his regime was unsustainable; and to move the anti-noriega sector within the fdp to support specific actions against noriega's regime.    the fdp members, officers, and troops were the targets of this plan.  we see how some were taken in by the psychological operations plan.  the targets of this plan were gen noriega, noriega's panamanian collaborators within the fdp, some civilians, foreign governments that are noriega's allies, foreign governments that are hostile to noriega, and foreign revolutionary organizations that deal with noriega. they identified all of noriega's vulnerabilities, as well as the vulnerabilities of all the targets we have already mentioned.    there were certain themes used in these psychological operations, and the media fell for them many times. this is why we repeatedly asked them not to fall for this misinformation.    these themes included: by imposing his arbitrary nature and corruption, noriega is perverting the fdp and promoting the disintegration of that military institution.  the fdp have become a mafia that is heading toward disgrace. this is a topic that has been discussed in leaflets and many publications.    by disrupting the constitutional order at his whim, noriega is provoking a profound social, economic, and political crisis that is ruining the country. this is done to hide those who are truly responsible for the crisis we are experiencing. the longer noriega remains in power, the more probable becomes a u.s., cuban, or soviet intervention.  the domestic and international conflicts provoked by noriega negatively affect the personal well-being of the fdp members and their families.    noriega's fall is inevitable and the fdp should not fall with him. to save the fdp and the republic of panama, the fdp must remove noriega from office. this is why there were siren songs that an internal coup was under way.    the state security organizations have been following this case for 5 months and we know the fugitives are in the united states. we know where they left from. no one can deny the association of certain u.s. citizens who are involved in this operation with the panamanian groups that were captured.    we have the evidence, the weapons, the instruments used for misinformation, the plans, and the maps with the targets for violence. important people who were going to be kidnapped had also been marked on these maps. they had marked the bridges that were to be destroyed.    gentlemen, we know the power of weapons and we know how to use them.  we know the damage they can do. therefore, before there was a violent confrontation between the panamanian people and their fdp, we went one step ahead of their plans. if arrests were made, it was because we wanted to avoid a confrontation with inexperienced groups that allowed themselves to be used for the personal benefit of those who received, with a siren song, the promise of the panamanian people's $30 million that eric arturo delvalle was going to use for subversive acts, bloody acts to bathe our people in blood, as in the case of the struggle of our brother countries in latin and central america.    we will not permit that. that is why we decided to go one step ahead and foil these plans that have a certain purpose and that would result in mourning and pain for panamanian families.    we have the evidence and those who were arrested were damn well arrested: alberto conte, fred boyd, and all those people who have been working behind the scenes so eduardo herrera and friends can live like kings in the united statets, so they can live their lives drinking champagne and eating pheasant.    eduardo herrera was dismissed</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(788, 791, ' panamanian', 2.521280527114868), (788, 795, ' panamanian people and their f', 1.2416648864746094), (755, 767, ' we know the power of weapons and we know how to use', 3.712984085083008)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>this morning at approximately 0630 the christian democratic party (pdc) headquarters in the city of arica was attacked. the pdc\'s premises are located at 683 sotomayor street, in the downtown area of the city. the identity of the attackers is unknown.    the report was filed by former congressman humberto balza, the president of the pdc\'s local chapter, who has also received death threats in the past few hours.    this is what balza told radio chilena\'s "primera plana" feature:    (balza) (begin recording) unidentified individuals attacked the pdc\'s premises, located at 683 sotomayor street, breaking the windows of the premises and trying to break down the door. luckily, our guard went outside to see what was happening and the attackers took off, leaving abundant yes-vote propaganda with the photograph of the candidate. the attackers also shouted threats against the members of the party\'s board.    we have already told the arica public, but now we want all of the chilean public to know, that the supporters of the yes-vote are desperate, because they see there are now more no-vote supporters than yes-vote supporters.    this is why the latter are threatening people, why they are trying to steal identity cards, and why they are resortig to any type of action that will create unrest in order to give confidence to the supporters of the yes-vote and to create an atmosphere for any type of action to be taken on 5 october. (end recording) (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 521, 'end_gold': 535, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(137, 137, '', 8.35192584991455), (137, 138, ' unidentified', 7.443699836730957), (137, 144, " unidentified individuals attacked the pdc's", 2.625652313232422)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>this morning at approximately 0630 the christian democratic party (pdc) headquarters in the city of arica was attacked. the pdc\'s premises are located at 683 sotomayor street, in the downtown area of the city. the identity of the attackers is unknown.    the report was filed by former congressman humberto balza, the president of the pdc\'s local chapter, who has also received death threats in the past few hours.    this is what balza told radio chilena\'s "primera plana" feature:    (balza) (begin recording) unidentified individuals attacked the pdc\'s premises, located at 683 sotomayor street, breaking the windows of the premises and trying to break down the door. luckily, our guard went outside to see what was happening and the attackers took off, leaving abundant yes-vote propaganda with the photograph of the candidate. the attackers also shouted threats against the members of the party\'s board.    we have already told the arica public, but now we want all of the chilean public to know, that the supporters of the yes-vote are desperate, because they see there are now more no-vote supporters than yes-vote supporters.    this is why the latter are threatening people, why they are trying to steal identity cards, and why they are resortig to any type of action that will create unrest in order to give confidence to the supporters of the yes-vote and to create an atmosphere for any type of action to be taken on 5 october. (end recording) (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(137, 138, ' unidentified', 8.874422073364258), (137, 137, '', 7.639163017272949), (137, 144, " unidentified individuals attacked the pdc's", 3.2551686763763428)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>this morning at approximately 0630 the christian democratic party (pdc) headquarters in the city of arica was attacked. the pdc\'s premises are located at 683 sotomayor street, in the downtown area of the city. the identity of the attackers is unknown.    the report was filed by former congressman humberto balza, the president of the pdc\'s local chapter, who has also received death threats in the past few hours.    this is what balza told radio chilena\'s "primera plana" feature:    (balza) (begin recording) unidentified individuals attacked the pdc\'s premises, located at 683 sotomayor street, breaking the windows of the premises and trying to break down the door. luckily, our guard went outside to see what was happening and the attackers took off, leaving abundant yes-vote propaganda with the photograph of the candidate. the attackers also shouted threats against the members of the party\'s board.    we have already told the arica public, but now we want all of the chilean public to know, that the supporters of the yes-vote are desperate, because they see there are now more no-vote supporters than yes-vote supporters.    this is why the latter are threatening people, why they are trying to steal identity cards, and why they are resortig to any type of action that will create unrest in order to give confidence to the supporters of the yes-vote and to create an atmosphere for any type of action to be taken on 5 october. (end recording) (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 132, 'end_gold': 146, 'gold': " (begin recording) unidentified individuals attacked the pdc's premises, located", 'candidates': [(16, 24, ' christian democratic party (pdc)', 2.43341064453125), (16, 19, ' christian democratic', 1.5376067161560059), (16, 33, ' christian democratic party (pdc) headquarters in the city of arica was attacked', -0.21172630786895752)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>this morning at approximately 0630 the christian democratic party (pdc) headquarters in the city of arica was attacked. the pdc\'s premises are located at 683 sotomayor street, in the downtown area of the city. the identity of the attackers is unknown.    the report was filed by former congressman humberto balza, the president of the pdc\'s local chapter, who has also received death threats in the past few hours.    this is what balza told radio chilena\'s "primera plana" feature:    (balza) (begin recording) unidentified individuals attacked the pdc\'s premises, located at 683 sotomayor street, breaking the windows of the premises and trying to break down the door. luckily, our guard went outside to see what was happening and the attackers took off, leaving abundant yes-vote propaganda with the photograph of the candidate. the attackers also shouted threats against the members of the party\'s board.    we have already told the arica public, but now we want all of the chilean public to know, that the supporters of the yes-vote are desperate, because they see there are now more no-vote supporters than yes-vote supporters.    this is why the latter are threatening people, why they are trying to steal identity cards, and why they are resortig to any type of action that will create unrest in order to give confidence to the supporters of the yes-vote and to create an atmosphere for any type of action to be taken on 5 october. (end recording) (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 306, 'end_gold': 321, 'gold': ' give confidence to the supporters of the yes-vote and to create an atmosphere', 'candidates': [(58, 64, ' the identity of the attackers is', 4.951167583465576), (58, 65, ' the identity of the attackers is unknown', -0.3429536819458008), (58, 59, ' the', -0.9899871349334717)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>this morning at approximately 0630 the christian democratic party (pdc) headquarters in the city of arica was attacked. the pdc\'s premises are located at 683 sotomayor street, in the downtown area of the city. the identity of the attackers is unknown.    the report was filed by former congressman humberto balza, the president of the pdc\'s local chapter, who has also received death threats in the past few hours.    this is what balza told radio chilena\'s "primera plana" feature:    (balza) (begin recording) unidentified individuals attacked the pdc\'s premises, located at 683 sotomayor street, breaking the windows of the premises and trying to break down the door. luckily, our guard went outside to see what was happening and the attackers took off, leaving abundant yes-vote propaganda with the photograph of the candidate. the attackers also shouted threats against the members of the party\'s board.    we have already told the arica public, but now we want all of the chilean public to know, that the supporters of the yes-vote are desperate, because they see there are now more no-vote supporters than yes-vote supporters.    this is why the latter are threatening people, why they are trying to steal identity cards, and why they are resortig to any type of action that will create unrest in order to give confidence to the supporters of the yes-vote and to create an atmosphere for any type of action to be taken on 5 october. (end recording) (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(136, 137, ' unidentified', 10.124496459960938), (136, 136, '', 6.403813362121582), (136, 143, " unidentified individuals attacked the pdc's", 3.566236972808838)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>two soldiers and a rebel were killed in skirmishes around the country in the past few hours. military reports state that a national guard officer was killed while fighting an fmln attack near jucuapa. another report indicates that the authorities have identified the corpse of policeman david diaz cortez, who was killed at daybreak today in a skirmish by rebels against suchitoto military.    a rebel was killed during a skirmish with the army near tecoluca, san vicente department. finally, the armed forces reported that the fmln on wednesday destroyed antel (national administration for telecommunications) installations in san francisco chinameca, la paz department.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(82, 87, ' rebels against suchitoto', 4.501620769500732), (82, 82, '', 4.417806625366211), (82, 88, ' rebels against suchitoto military', 1.8261620998382568)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>two soldiers and a rebel were killed in skirmishes around the country in the past few hours. military reports state that a national guard officer was killed while fighting an fmln attack near jucuapa. another report indicates that the authorities have identified the corpse of policeman david diaz cortez, who was killed at daybreak today in a skirmish by rebels against suchitoto military.    a rebel was killed during a skirmish with the army near tecoluca, san vicente department. finally, the armed forces reported that the fmln on wednesday destroyed antel (national administration for telecommunications) installations in san francisco chinameca, la paz department.</s>', 'start_gold': 184, 'end_gold': 197, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(84, 87, ' suchitoto', 6.9501566886901855), (84, 88, ' suchitoto military', 3.649498462677002), (84, 102, ' suchitoto military.    a rebel was killed during a skirmish with the', 1.453738808631897)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>two soldiers and a rebel were killed in skirmishes around the country in the past few hours. military reports state that a national guard officer was killed while fighting an fmln attack near jucuapa. another report indicates that the authorities have identified the corpse of policeman david diaz cortez, who was killed at daybreak today in a skirmish by rebels against suchitoto military.    a rebel was killed during a skirmish with the army near tecoluca, san vicente department. finally, the armed forces reported that the fmln on wednesday destroyed antel (national administration for telecommunications) installations in san francisco chinameca, la paz department.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(9, 13, 'two soldiers and a', -2.2210302352905273), (9, 18, 'two soldiers and a rebel were killed in skirm', -4.023448944091797), (9, 26, 'two soldiers and a rebel were killed in skirmishes around the country in the past few', -4.396848678588867)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>two soldiers and a rebel were killed in skirmishes around the country in the past few hours. military reports state that a national guard officer was killed while fighting an fmln attack near jucuapa. another report indicates that the authorities have identified the corpse of policeman david diaz cortez, who was killed at daybreak today in a skirmish by rebels against suchitoto military.    a rebel was killed during a skirmish with the army near tecoluca, san vicente department. finally, the armed forces reported that the fmln on wednesday destroyed antel (national administration for telecommunications) installations in san francisco chinameca, la paz department.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(9, 13, 'two soldiers and a', 14.538869857788086), (9, 21, 'two soldiers and a rebel were killed in skirmishes around the', 8.119256973266602), (9, 26, 'two soldiers and a rebel were killed in skirmishes around the country in the past few', 7.658683776855469)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>two soldiers and a rebel were killed in skirmishes around the country in the past few hours. military reports state that a national guard officer was killed while fighting an fmln attack near jucuapa. another report indicates that the authorities have identified the corpse of policeman david diaz cortez, who was killed at daybreak today in a skirmish by rebels against suchitoto military.    a rebel was killed during a skirmish with the army near tecoluca, san vicente department. finally, the armed forces reported that the fmln on wednesday destroyed antel (national administration for telecommunications) installations in san francisco chinameca, la paz department.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(127, 135, ' antel (national administration for telecommunications)', 8.774408340454102), (127, 134, ' antel (national administration for telecommunications', 8.638175964355469), (127, 133, ' antel (national administration for', 7.6181135177612305)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>fifteen soldiers were killed today in colombia during an ambush by farc communist guerrillas in caqueta's southern jungles, military sources reported from florencia, the capital in that area of the country.    another 13 soldiers were wounded in the same attack.    reports at 2345 gmt on 2 october were partial, but it was reported that a military patrol was attacked on a road under construction between pauguil and cartagena del chiara.    farc rebels killed 28 soldiers during an ambush in the same area in late 1987.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(24, 29, ' farc communist guerr', 9.02492904663086), (24, 26, ' farc', 3.832761287689209), (24, 25, ' far', 2.1906232833862305)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>fifteen soldiers were killed today in colombia during an ambush by farc communist guerrillas in caqueta's southern jungles, military sources reported from florencia, the capital in that area of the country.    another 13 soldiers were wounded in the same attack.    reports at 2345 gmt on 2 october were partial, but it was reported that a military patrol was attacked on a road under construction between pauguil and cartagena del chiara.    farc rebels killed 28 soldiers during an ambush in the same area in late 1987.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(26, 29, ' communist guerr', 11.126855850219727), (26, 26, '', 6.573115825653076), (26, 37, " communist guerrillas in caqueta's southern jung", 3.6781563758850098)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>fifteen soldiers were killed today in colombia during an ambush by farc communist guerrillas in caqueta's southern jungles, military sources reported from florencia, the capital in that area of the country.    another 13 soldiers were wounded in the same attack.    reports at 2345 gmt on 2 october were partial, but it was reported that a military patrol was attacked on a road under construction between pauguil and cartagena del chiara.    farc rebels killed 28 soldiers during an ambush in the same area in late 1987.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(23, 28, ' farc communist guerr', 5.215704917907715), (23, 36, " farc communist guerrillas in caqueta's southern jung", 1.965714454650879), (23, 37, " farc communist guerrillas in caqueta's southern jungles", -0.5659942626953125)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>fifteen soldiers were killed today in colombia during an ambush by farc communist guerrillas in caqueta's southern jungles, military sources reported from florencia, the capital in that area of the country.    another 13 soldiers were wounded in the same attack.    reports at 2345 gmt on 2 october were partial, but it was reported that a military patrol was attacked on a road under construction between pauguil and cartagena del chiara.    farc rebels killed 28 soldiers during an ambush in the same area in late 1987.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(9, 11, 'fifteen', 6.087567329406738), (9, 28, 'fifteen soldiers were killed today in colombia during an ambush by farc communist guerr', 5.341574668884277), (9, 18, 'fifteen soldiers were killed today in colomb', 4.611844062805176)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>fifteen soldiers were killed today in colombia during an ambush by farc communist guerrillas in caqueta's southern jungles, military sources reported from florencia, the capital in that area of the country.    another 13 soldiers were wounded in the same attack.    reports at 2345 gmt on 2 october were partial, but it was reported that a military patrol was attacked on a road under construction between pauguil and cartagena del chiara.    farc rebels killed 28 soldiers during an ambush in the same area in late 1987.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(23, 28, ' farc communist guerr', 3.2248449325561523), (23, 25, ' farc', -1.095533013343811), (23, 36, " farc communist guerrillas in caqueta's southern jung", -1.7609039545059204)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the police have arrested juan antonio leon montero, aka comrade jose, who is regarded as an important member of a terrorist column that conducted attacks in the san martin jungle under the leadership of terrorist victor polay campos, aka comrade rolando.    the dircote (antiterrorist directorate) has also reported that leon took part in terrorist attacks with nestor serpa cartolini, another top mrta leader.    according to investigations, a so-called comrade lucho convinced comrade jose to join the mrta in july 1986.    until march 1987 leon distributed leaflets on streets and squares, painted slogans on the walls of public buildings, and delivered food--which was stolen from well-known business firms--in shantytowns.    in mid-august 1987, leon got into touch with comrade mario, with whom he traveled to the village of tarapoto to join the mrta northeastern column led by polay campos and emilio salas saldana, aka comrade moises, among others.    as a member of the mrta, leon participated in the attack against the civil guard posts of tabalozos, san martin, and solitor. during the first half of november, he participated in an attack on the gc (civil guard) in the township of juanjui.    during this attack, gc lieutenant jorge cieza lacho was killed by the mrta terrorists, who also seized large amounts of weapons, ammunition, and grenades. a few hours later the terrorists attacked the village of san jose de sisa.    leon was arrested in lima by dircote personnel. leon had been kept under surveillance for several months after his return from the jungle, where the mrta was practically annihilated by the army.    leon was placed at the disposal of the court on terrorist charges.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(333, 336, ' mrta', 1.7159943580627441), (333, 356, ' mrta terrorists, who also seized large amounts of weapons, ammunition, and grenades. a few hours later the', -0.2471361756324768), (333, 349, ' mrta terrorists, who also seized large amounts of weapons, ammunition, and', -1.9664573669433594)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the police have arrested juan antonio leon montero, aka comrade jose, who is regarded as an important member of a terrorist column that conducted attacks in the san martin jungle under the leadership of terrorist victor polay campos, aka comrade rolando.    the dircote (antiterrorist directorate) has also reported that leon took part in terrorist attacks with nestor serpa cartolini, another top mrta leader.    according to investigations, a so-called comrade lucho convinced comrade jose to join the mrta in july 1986.    until march 1987 leon distributed leaflets on streets and squares, painted slogans on the walls of public buildings, and delivered food--which was stolen from well-known business firms--in shantytowns.    in mid-august 1987, leon got into touch with comrade mario, with whom he traveled to the village of tarapoto to join the mrta northeastern column led by polay campos and emilio salas saldana, aka comrade moises, among others.    as a member of the mrta, leon participated in the attack against the civil guard posts of tabalozos, san martin, and solitor. during the first half of november, he participated in an attack on the gc (civil guard) in the township of juanjui.    during this attack, gc lieutenant jorge cieza lacho was killed by the mrta terrorists, who also seized large amounts of weapons, ammunition, and grenades. a few hours later the terrorists attacked the village of san jose de sisa.    leon was arrested in lima by dircote personnel. leon had been kept under surveillance for several months after his return from the jungle, where the mrta was practically annihilated by the army.    leon was placed at the disposal of the court on terrorist charges.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(333, 336, ' mrta', 5.098156929016113), (333, 356, ' mrta terrorists, who also seized large amounts of weapons, ammunition, and grenades. a few hours later the', 2.461413621902466), (333, 335, ' mr', 2.2207610607147217)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the police have arrested juan antonio leon montero, aka comrade jose, who is regarded as an important member of a terrorist column that conducted attacks in the san martin jungle under the leadership of terrorist victor polay campos, aka comrade rolando.    the dircote (antiterrorist directorate) has also reported that leon took part in terrorist attacks with nestor serpa cartolini, another top mrta leader.    according to investigations, a so-called comrade lucho convinced comrade jose to join the mrta in july 1986.    until march 1987 leon distributed leaflets on streets and squares, painted slogans on the walls of public buildings, and delivered food--which was stolen from well-known business firms--in shantytowns.    in mid-august 1987, leon got into touch with comrade mario, with whom he traveled to the village of tarapoto to join the mrta northeastern column led by polay campos and emilio salas saldana, aka comrade moises, among others.    as a member of the mrta, leon participated in the attack against the civil guard posts of tabalozos, san martin, and solitor. during the first half of november, he participated in an attack on the gc (civil guard) in the township of juanjui.    during this attack, gc lieutenant jorge cieza lacho was killed by the mrta terrorists, who also seized large amounts of weapons, ammunition, and grenades. a few hours later the terrorists attacked the village of san jose de sisa.    leon was arrested in lima by dircote personnel. leon had been kept under surveillance for several months after his return from the jungle, where the mrta was practically annihilated by the army.    leon was placed at the disposal of the court on terrorist charges.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(357, 365, ' the village of san jose de s', -0.5770125985145569), (357, 366, ' the village of san jose de sisa', -2.738399028778076), (357, 358, ' the', -4.301937103271484)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the police have arrested juan antonio leon montero, aka comrade jose, who is regarded as an important member of a terrorist column that conducted attacks in the san martin jungle under the leadership of terrorist victor polay campos, aka comrade rolando.    the dircote (antiterrorist directorate) has also reported that leon took part in terrorist attacks with nestor serpa cartolini, another top mrta leader.    according to investigations, a so-called comrade lucho convinced comrade jose to join the mrta in july 1986.    until march 1987 leon distributed leaflets on streets and squares, painted slogans on the walls of public buildings, and delivered food--which was stolen from well-known business firms--in shantytowns.    in mid-august 1987, leon got into touch with comrade mario, with whom he traveled to the village of tarapoto to join the mrta northeastern column led by polay campos and emilio salas saldana, aka comrade moises, among others.    as a member of the mrta, leon participated in the attack against the civil guard posts of tabalozos, san martin, and solitor. during the first half of november, he participated in an attack on the gc (civil guard) in the township of juanjui.    during this attack, gc lieutenant jorge cieza lacho was killed by the mrta terrorists, who also seized large amounts of weapons, ammunition, and grenades. a few hours later the terrorists attacked the village of san jose de sisa.    leon was arrested in lima by dircote personnel. leon had been kept under surveillance for several months after his return from the jungle, where the mrta was practically annihilated by the army.    leon was placed at the disposal of the court on terrorist charges.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(318, 335, ' gc lieutenant jorge cieza lacho was killed by the mrta', -4.765664100646973), (318, 327, ' gc lieutenant jorge cieza l', -6.396465301513672), (318, 348, ' gc lieutenant jorge cieza lacho was killed by the mrta terrorists, who also seized large amounts of weapons, ammunition, and', -6.838310241699219)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the police have arrested juan antonio leon montero, aka comrade jose, who is regarded as an important member of a terrorist column that conducted attacks in the san martin jungle under the leadership of terrorist victor polay campos, aka comrade rolando.    the dircote (antiterrorist directorate) has also reported that leon took part in terrorist attacks with nestor serpa cartolini, another top mrta leader.    according to investigations, a so-called comrade lucho convinced comrade jose to join the mrta in july 1986.    until march 1987 leon distributed leaflets on streets and squares, painted slogans on the walls of public buildings, and delivered food--which was stolen from well-known business firms--in shantytowns.    in mid-august 1987, leon got into touch with comrade mario, with whom he traveled to the village of tarapoto to join the mrta northeastern column led by polay campos and emilio salas saldana, aka comrade moises, among others.    as a member of the mrta, leon participated in the attack against the civil guard posts of tabalozos, san martin, and solitor. during the first half of november, he participated in an attack on the gc (civil guard) in the township of juanjui.    during this attack, gc lieutenant jorge cieza lacho was killed by the mrta terrorists, who also seized large amounts of weapons, ammunition, and grenades. a few hours later the terrorists attacked the village of san jose de sisa.    leon was arrested in lima by dircote personnel. leon had been kept under surveillance for several months after his return from the jungle, where the mrta was practically annihilated by the army.    leon was placed at the disposal of the court on terrorist charges.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(332, 348, ' mrta terrorists, who also seized large amounts of weapons, ammunition, and', 12.756441116333008), (332, 335, ' mrta', 11.858827590942383), (332, 349, ' mrta terrorists, who also seized large amounts of weapons, ammunition, and grenades', 9.468720436096191)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>a terrorist attack, in which czechoslovak bombs were used, has destroyed four high tension towers in the central region. this attack has cut the electricity supply to a vast region between copiapo and santiago. the blackout occurred on saturday night, 1 october, and lasted for approximately one-half hour in the metropolitan region.    according to endesa (national electric power, inc.), one of the towers knocked down was located on km 24 of the melipilla-rapel highway.    the tower, located in the maitenes sector, is one of the main towers of the high tension network.    another tower destroyed by the terrorists was tower no 430 in the itahua-alto jahuel sector, which is connected to the main electricity network.    in addition to these four destroyed towers, other explosions were heard that same night in santiago. they were caused by bombs planted by terrorists who seek to frighten the population.    according to police sources, the bombs used to cause so much damage are powerful czechoslovak-made plastic bombs, of the same type that were found among the clandestine arsenals smuggled into the country by the marxist leftists at carrizal bajo.    the terrorists also used tnt in their bomb attacks.</s>', 'start_gold': 618, 'end_gold': 631, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(206, 206, '', 3.7211549282073975), (206, 213, ' terrorists who seek to frighten the', 1.8412491083145142), (206, 214, ' terrorists who seek to frighten the population', -0.19238710403442383)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>a terrorist attack, in which czechoslovak bombs were used, has destroyed four high tension towers in the central region. this attack has cut the electricity supply to a vast region between copiapo and santiago. the blackout occurred on saturday night, 1 october, and lasted for approximately one-half hour in the metropolitan region.    according to endesa (national electric power, inc.), one of the towers knocked down was located on km 24 of the melipilla-rapel highway.    the tower, located in the maitenes sector, is one of the main towers of the high tension network.    another tower destroyed by the terrorists was tower no 430 in the itahua-alto jahuel sector, which is connected to the main electricity network.    in addition to these four destroyed towers, other explosions were heard that same night in santiago. they were caused by bombs planted by terrorists who seek to frighten the population.    according to police sources, the bombs used to cause so much damage are powerful czechoslovak-made plastic bombs, of the same type that were found among the clandestine arsenals smuggled into the country by the marxist leftists at carrizal bajo.    the terrorists also used tnt in their bomb attacks.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(206, 206, '', 3.6995930671691895), (206, 213, ' terrorists who seek to frighten the', 0.631562352180481), (206, 214, ' terrorists who seek to frighten the population', -0.871943473815918)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>a terrorist attack, in which czechoslovak bombs were used, has destroyed four high tension towers in the central region. this attack has cut the electricity supply to a vast region between copiapo and santiago. the blackout occurred on saturday night, 1 october, and lasted for approximately one-half hour in the metropolitan region.    according to endesa (national electric power, inc.), one of the towers knocked down was located on km 24 of the melipilla-rapel highway.    the tower, located in the maitenes sector, is one of the main towers of the high tension network.    another tower destroyed by the terrorists was tower no 430 in the itahua-alto jahuel sector, which is connected to the main electricity network.    in addition to these four destroyed towers, other explosions were heard that same night in santiago. they were caused by bombs planted by terrorists who seek to frighten the population.    according to police sources, the bombs used to cause so much damage are powerful czechoslovak-made plastic bombs, of the same type that were found among the clandestine arsenals smuggled into the country by the marxist leftists at carrizal bajo.    the terrorists also used tnt in their bomb attacks.</s>', 'start_gold': 86, 'end_gold': 99, 'gold': ' (national electric power, inc.), one of the towers knocked down', 'candidates': [(205, 212, ' terrorists who seek to frighten the', -0.05432373285293579), (205, 213, ' terrorists who seek to frighten the population', -3.327016830444336), (205, 205, '', -3.6446776390075684)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>a terrorist attack, in which czechoslovak bombs were used, has destroyed four high tension towers in the central region. this attack has cut the electricity supply to a vast region between copiapo and santiago. the blackout occurred on saturday night, 1 october, and lasted for approximately one-half hour in the metropolitan region.    according to endesa (national electric power, inc.), one of the towers knocked down was located on km 24 of the melipilla-rapel highway.    the tower, located in the maitenes sector, is one of the main towers of the high tension network.    another tower destroyed by the terrorists was tower no 430 in the itahua-alto jahuel sector, which is connected to the main electricity network.    in addition to these four destroyed towers, other explosions were heard that same night in santiago. they were caused by bombs planted by terrorists who seek to frighten the population.    according to police sources, the bombs used to cause so much damage are powerful czechoslovak-made plastic bombs, of the same type that were found among the clandestine arsenals smuggled into the country by the marxist leftists at carrizal bajo.    the terrorists also used tnt in their bomb attacks.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(25, 28, ' four high tension', 0.7429697513580322), (25, 32, ' four high tension towers in the central', 0.5806705355644226), (25, 33, ' four high tension towers in the central region', -1.8331811428070068)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>a terrorist attack, in which czechoslovak bombs were used, has destroyed four high tension towers in the central region. this attack has cut the electricity supply to a vast region between copiapo and santiago. the blackout occurred on saturday night, 1 october, and lasted for approximately one-half hour in the metropolitan region.    according to endesa (national electric power, inc.), one of the towers knocked down was located on km 24 of the melipilla-rapel highway.    the tower, located in the maitenes sector, is one of the main towers of the high tension network.    another tower destroyed by the terrorists was tower no 430 in the itahua-alto jahuel sector, which is connected to the main electricity network.    in addition to these four destroyed towers, other explosions were heard that same night in santiago. they were caused by bombs planted by terrorists who seek to frighten the population.    according to police sources, the bombs used to cause so much damage are powerful czechoslovak-made plastic bombs, of the same type that were found among the clandestine arsenals smuggled into the country by the marxist leftists at carrizal bajo.    the terrorists also used tnt in their bomb attacks.</s>', 'start_gold': 37, 'end_gold': 52, 'gold': ' cut the electricity supply to a vast region between copiapo and santi', 'candidates': [(232, 239, ' czechoslovak-made plastic', 16.20456314086914), (232, 262, ' czechoslovak-made plastic bombs, of the same type that were found among the clandestine arsenals smuggled into the country by the marxist', 14.994119644165039), (232, 252, ' czechoslovak-made plastic bombs, of the same type that were found among the clandestine arsen', 14.669716835021973)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>terrorists of the maoist shining path group during the past few hours killed a university professor, a policeman, and a pedestrian, while the police authorities reported today that an armed attack against the u.s. embassy in lima has been frustrated.    in the central andean town of huancayo, 350 km east of lima, professor herminio parra, who has criticized subversive movements, was shot at the door of his house early in the morning on saturday by four terrorists who claimed to be his students, his widow rita avendano reported.    in paucarbambilla, a locality in huanuco, two shining path members this past weekend machinegunned a civil guard and a pedestrian at the door of a police club, and detonated a car bomb, police sources have reported.  they added that the attackers left communist propaganda at the site.</s>', 'start_gold': 9, 'end_gold': 30, 'gold': '</s>terrorists of the maoist shining path group during the past few hours killed a university professor,', 'candidates': [(119, 120, ' his', 10.27238655090332), (119, 121, ' his students', 5.565810680389404), (119, 130, ' his students, his widow rita avendano reported', 4.633632183074951)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>terrorists of the maoist shining path group during the past few hours killed a university professor, a policeman, and a pedestrian, while the police authorities reported today that an armed attack against the u.s. embassy in lima has been frustrated.    in the central andean town of huancayo, 350 km east of lima, professor herminio parra, who has criticized subversive movements, was shot at the door of his house early in the morning on saturday by four terrorists who claimed to be his students, his widow rita avendano reported.    in paucarbambilla, a locality in huanuco, two shining path members this past weekend machinegunned a civil guard and a pedestrian at the door of a police club, and detonated a car bomb, police sources have reported.  they added that the attackers left communist propaganda at the site.</s>', 'start_gold': 34, 'end_gold': 48, 'gold': ' a pedestrian, while the police authorities reported today that an armed attack against', 'candidates': [(14, 19, ' maoist shining path', 7.169078826904297), (14, 35, ' maoist shining path group during the past few hours killed a university professor, a policeman, and a', 4.017953872680664), (14, 18, ' maoist shining', 3.9972240924835205)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>terrorists of the maoist shining path group during the past few hours killed a university professor, a policeman, and a pedestrian, while the police authorities reported today that an armed attack against the u.s. embassy in lima has been frustrated.    in the central andean town of huancayo, 350 km east of lima, professor herminio parra, who has criticized subversive movements, was shot at the door of his house early in the morning on saturday by four terrorists who claimed to be his students, his widow rita avendano reported.    in paucarbambilla, a locality in huanuco, two shining path members this past weekend machinegunned a civil guard and a pedestrian at the door of a police club, and detonated a car bomb, police sources have reported.  they added that the attackers left communist propaganda at the site.</s>', 'start_gold': 222, 'end_gold': 234, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(26, 34, ' university professor, a policeman, and a', 6.610846519470215), (26, 35, ' university professor, a policeman, and a pedestrian', 2.882240056991577), (26, 30, ' university professor, a', 1.5118495225906372)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>terrorists of the maoist shining path group during the past few hours killed a university professor, a policeman, and a pedestrian, while the police authorities reported today that an armed attack against the u.s. embassy in lima has been frustrated.    in the central andean town of huancayo, 350 km east of lima, professor herminio parra, who has criticized subversive movements, was shot at the door of his house early in the morning on saturday by four terrorists who claimed to be his students, his widow rita avendano reported.    in paucarbambilla, a locality in huanuco, two shining path members this past weekend machinegunned a civil guard and a pedestrian at the door of a police club, and detonated a car bomb, police sources have reported.  they added that the attackers left communist propaganda at the site.</s>', 'start_gold': 333, 'end_gold': 348, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(25, 34, ' a university professor, a policeman, and a', 14.669792175292969), (25, 35, ' a university professor, a policeman, and a pedestrian', 10.192292213439941), (25, 30, ' a university professor, a', 7.438560485839844)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>terrorists of the maoist shining path group during the past few hours killed a university professor, a policeman, and a pedestrian, while the police authorities reported today that an armed attack against the u.s. embassy in lima has been frustrated.    in the central andean town of huancayo, 350 km east of lima, professor herminio parra, who has criticized subversive movements, was shot at the door of his house early in the morning on saturday by four terrorists who claimed to be his students, his widow rita avendano reported.    in paucarbambilla, a locality in huanuco, two shining path members this past weekend machinegunned a civil guard and a pedestrian at the door of a police club, and detonated a car bomb, police sources have reported.  they added that the attackers left communist propaganda at the site.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(148, 151, ' two shining path', 7.624129772186279), (148, 170, ' two shining path members this past weekend machinegunned a civil guard and a pedestrian at the door of a police', 7.537616729736328), (148, 176, ' two shining path members this past weekend machinegunned a civil guard and a pedestrian at the door of a police club, and detonated a car', 5.914464950561523)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>personnel of the copiapo investigations department have arrested four terrorists that were involved in several actions designed to disrupt public order in the atacama region.    the atacama authorities have issued a communique on the identity and background of the arrested terrorists as follows: rafael jenaro vega sambra, alias flaco victor, who was in charge of the miltiary training of the communist youth at a regional level; cristobal modesto carrasco unate, alias christian, who belongs to the movement of the revolutionary left (mir), and is in charge of distributing explosive materiel; jorge raul lopez cubillos, alias modesto, merchant, member of the collective directorate of the socialist party; and dibi ulyses farias diaz, who is also a member of the socialist party collective directorate.    an arsenal containing guns, dynamite sticks, various types of explosives, fuses, detonators, molotov cocktails, marxist literature, and a mimeograph to print subversive material were found in the home of farias diaz.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(22, 22, '', 3.02016544342041), (22, 39, ' terrorists that were involved in several actions designed to disrupt public order in the atacama', -0.9249123334884644), (22, 40, ' terrorists that were involved in several actions designed to disrupt public order in the atacama region', -2.498073101043701)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>personnel of the copiapo investigations department have arrested four terrorists that were involved in several actions designed to disrupt public order in the atacama region.    the atacama authorities have issued a communique on the identity and background of the arrested terrorists as follows: rafael jenaro vega sambra, alias flaco victor, who was in charge of the miltiary training of the communist youth at a regional level; cristobal modesto carrasco unate, alias christian, who belongs to the movement of the revolutionary left (mir), and is in charge of distributing explosive materiel; jorge raul lopez cubillos, alias modesto, merchant, member of the collective directorate of the socialist party; and dibi ulyses farias diaz, who is also a member of the socialist party collective directorate.    an arsenal containing guns, dynamite sticks, various types of explosives, fuses, detonators, molotov cocktails, marxist literature, and a mimeograph to print subversive material were found in the home of farias diaz.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(22, 22, '', 0.9328629374504089), (22, 39, ' terrorists that were involved in several actions designed to disrupt public order in the atacama', -2.5583136081695557), (22, 40, ' terrorists that were involved in several actions designed to disrupt public order in the atacama region', -4.311112403869629)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>personnel of the copiapo investigations department have arrested four terrorists that were involved in several actions designed to disrupt public order in the atacama region.    the atacama authorities have issued a communique on the identity and background of the arrested terrorists as follows: rafael jenaro vega sambra, alias flaco victor, who was in charge of the miltiary training of the communist youth at a regional level; cristobal modesto carrasco unate, alias christian, who belongs to the movement of the revolutionary left (mir), and is in charge of distributing explosive materiel; jorge raul lopez cubillos, alias modesto, merchant, member of the collective directorate of the socialist party; and dibi ulyses farias diaz, who is also a member of the socialist party collective directorate.    an arsenal containing guns, dynamite sticks, various types of explosives, fuses, detonators, molotov cocktails, marxist literature, and a mimeograph to print subversive material were found in the home of farias diaz.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(30, 38, ' disrupt public order in the atacama', -3.919940233230591), (30, 39, ' disrupt public order in the atacama region', -6.152163028717041), (30, 32, ' disrupt public', -6.155447006225586)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>personnel of the copiapo investigations department have arrested four terrorists that were involved in several actions designed to disrupt public order in the atacama region.    the atacama authorities have issued a communique on the identity and background of the arrested terrorists as follows: rafael jenaro vega sambra, alias flaco victor, who was in charge of the miltiary training of the communist youth at a regional level; cristobal modesto carrasco unate, alias christian, who belongs to the movement of the revolutionary left (mir), and is in charge of distributing explosive materiel; jorge raul lopez cubillos, alias modesto, merchant, member of the collective directorate of the socialist party; and dibi ulyses farias diaz, who is also a member of the socialist party collective directorate.    an arsenal containing guns, dynamite sticks, various types of explosives, fuses, detonators, molotov cocktails, marxist literature, and a mimeograph to print subversive material were found in the home of farias diaz.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(167, 175, ' dibi ulyses farias d', 4.790596961975098), (167, 188, ' dibi ulyses farias diaz, who is also a member of the socialist party collective director', 2.1139562129974365), (167, 176, ' dibi ulyses farias diaz', 2.040112257003784)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>personnel of the copiapo investigations department have arrested four terrorists that were involved in several actions designed to disrupt public order in the atacama region.    the atacama authorities have issued a communique on the identity and background of the arrested terrorists as follows: rafael jenaro vega sambra, alias flaco victor, who was in charge of the miltiary training of the communist youth at a regional level; cristobal modesto carrasco unate, alias christian, who belongs to the movement of the revolutionary left (mir), and is in charge of distributing explosive materiel; jorge raul lopez cubillos, alias modesto, merchant, member of the collective directorate of the socialist party; and dibi ulyses farias diaz, who is also a member of the socialist party collective directorate.    an arsenal containing guns, dynamite sticks, various types of explosives, fuses, detonators, molotov cocktails, marxist literature, and a mimeograph to print subversive material were found in the home of farias diaz.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(238, 241, ' farias d', 11.647607803344727), (238, 242, ' farias diaz', 9.211576461791992), (238, 239, ' far', 4.175654411315918)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>an explosion has destroyed a section of the multipurpose pipeline running from barrancabermeja to bucaramanga. the explosion occurred in alto de san pablo while gasoline and propane gas were being pumped to bucaramanga. we have a report now from teresa rueda.    (begin recording) (rueda) communications to and from puerto petrolero and bucaramanga have been cut off since early today, after an attempt to dynamite the multipurpose pipeline destroyed a 100-meter section of the central highway.    the supply of gas to bucaramanga will also be affected by this event. it is estimated that it will take at least 3 days to restore normal traffic, because it will be necessary to use dynamite to remove rocks currently blocking the highway.    the attempted sabotage occurred at the 65-km mark on the bucaramanga - barrancabermeja highway, 20 km from the place where a military convoy was ambushed last wednesday. this is the second time that an attempted sabotage of the bucaramanga - barrancabermeja multipurpose pipeline, which carries propane gas, gasoline, and acpm (not further identified) has taken place. the explosion destroyed a 30-meter section of pipeline, and sparked a fire that has not yet been extinguished.    losses caused by the sabotage, which has been attributed to the eln, have yet to be ascertained. it is estimated that repairs to the highway alone will cost the public works ministry 5 million pesos.    (ismael orozco, public works director for the 5th district) well, after initial talks with ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise) technicians today, beginning at 1700, after the fire is under control, they will begin restoring service on the oil pipeline.    (rueda) at this time, there is traffic congestion near the sugamoso bridge. (end recording) (passage omitted)    while still on the subject, ecopetrol's president, who traveled this morning to barrancabermeja to attend a forum on the magdalena river, reported that, so far this year, terrorist attacks have cost his company $300 million.  we have this report from maria clara gracia.    (begin recording) (gracia) ecopetrol has lost 95 billion pesos in revenues this year due to the 44 terrorist attacks on the cano limon - covenas oil pipeline. in these attacks, 13.2 million barrels of crude oil have been lost. the areas most affected by these attacks are in sucre, arauca, norte de santander, and santander departments.    (reporter alvaro ayala) doctor, could these terrorist attacks lead to an increase in fuel prices in colombia?    (dr andres restrepo londono, president of ecopetrol) obviously, there will come a time when, faced with increasing internal production costs and falling revenues, we are going to have to consider compensating our losses with an increase in domestic oil prices, but that is a measure we are not about to adopt at this time.    (gracia) today's landslide, which destroyed a section of the multipurpose pipeline between barrancabermeja and bucaramanga, has resulted in estimated losses totalling 1.435 billion pesos. (passage omitted) (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 1983, 'end_gold': 1995, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(215, 216, ' military', -1.7203726768493652), (215, 215, '', -2.703925371170044), (215, 219, ' military convoy was amb', -4.153598308563232)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>an explosion has destroyed a section of the multipurpose pipeline running from barrancabermeja to bucaramanga. the explosion occurred in alto de san pablo while gasoline and propane gas were being pumped to bucaramanga. we have a report now from teresa rueda.    (begin recording) (rueda) communications to and from puerto petrolero and bucaramanga have been cut off since early today, after an attempt to dynamite the multipurpose pipeline destroyed a 100-meter section of the central highway.    the supply of gas to bucaramanga will also be affected by this event. it is estimated that it will take at least 3 days to restore normal traffic, because it will be necessary to use dynamite to remove rocks currently blocking the highway.    the attempted sabotage occurred at the 65-km mark on the bucaramanga - barrancabermeja highway, 20 km from the place where a military convoy was ambushed last wednesday. this is the second time that an attempted sabotage of the bucaramanga - barrancabermeja multipurpose pipeline, which carries propane gas, gasoline, and acpm (not further identified) has taken place. the explosion destroyed a 30-meter section of pipeline, and sparked a fire that has not yet been extinguished.    losses caused by the sabotage, which has been attributed to the eln, have yet to be ascertained. it is estimated that repairs to the highway alone will cost the public works ministry 5 million pesos.    (ismael orozco, public works director for the 5th district) well, after initial talks with ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise) technicians today, beginning at 1700, after the fire is under control, they will begin restoring service on the oil pipeline.    (rueda) at this time, there is traffic congestion near the sugamoso bridge. (end recording) (passage omitted)    while still on the subject, ecopetrol's president, who traveled this morning to barrancabermeja to attend a forum on the magdalena river, reported that, so far this year, terrorist attacks have cost his company $300 million.  we have this report from maria clara gracia.    (begin recording) (gracia) ecopetrol has lost 95 billion pesos in revenues this year due to the 44 terrorist attacks on the cano limon - covenas oil pipeline. in these attacks, 13.2 million barrels of crude oil have been lost. the areas most affected by these attacks are in sucre, arauca, norte de santander, and santander departments.    (reporter alvaro ayala) doctor, could these terrorist attacks lead to an increase in fuel prices in colombia?    (dr andres restrepo londono, president of ecopetrol) obviously, there will come a time when, faced with increasing internal production costs and falling revenues, we are going to have to consider compensating our losses with an increase in domestic oil prices, but that is a measure we are not about to adopt at this time.    (gracia) today's landslide, which destroyed a section of the multipurpose pipeline between barrancabermeja and bucaramanga, has resulted in estimated losses totalling 1.435 billion pesos. (passage omitted) (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 1297, 'end_gold': 1309, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(508, 527, ' ecopetrol has lost 95 billion pesos in revenues this year due to the 44 terrorist', -3.037562131881714), (508, 511, ' ecopet', -3.8000051975250244), (508, 519, ' ecopetrol has lost 95 billion pesos in', -4.921130657196045)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>an explosion has destroyed a section of the multipurpose pipeline running from barrancabermeja to bucaramanga. the explosion occurred in alto de san pablo while gasoline and propane gas were being pumped to bucaramanga. we have a report now from teresa rueda.    (begin recording) (rueda) communications to and from puerto petrolero and bucaramanga have been cut off since early today, after an attempt to dynamite the multipurpose pipeline destroyed a 100-meter section of the central highway.    the supply of gas to bucaramanga will also be affected by this event. it is estimated that it will take at least 3 days to restore normal traffic, because it will be necessary to use dynamite to remove rocks currently blocking the highway.    the attempted sabotage occurred at the 65-km mark on the bucaramanga - barrancabermeja highway, 20 km from the place where a military convoy was ambushed last wednesday. this is the second time that an attempted sabotage of the bucaramanga - barrancabermeja multipurpose pipeline, which carries propane gas, gasoline, and acpm (not further identified) has taken place. the explosion destroyed a 30-meter section of pipeline, and sparked a fire that has not yet been extinguished.    losses caused by the sabotage, which has been attributed to the eln, have yet to be ascertained. it is estimated that repairs to the highway alone will cost the public works ministry 5 million pesos.    (ismael orozco, public works director for the 5th district) well, after initial talks with ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise) technicians today, beginning at 1700, after the fire is under control, they will begin restoring service on the oil pipeline.    (rueda) at this time, there is traffic congestion near the sugamoso bridge. (end recording) (passage omitted)    while still on the subject, ecopetrol's president, who traveled this morning to barrancabermeja to attend a forum on the magdalena river, reported that, so far this year, terrorist attacks have cost his company $300 million.  we have this report from maria clara gracia.    (begin recording) (gracia) ecopetrol has lost 95 billion pesos in revenues this year due to the 44 terrorist attacks on the cano limon - covenas oil pipeline. in these attacks, 13.2 million barrels of crude oil have been lost. the areas most affected by these attacks are in sucre, arauca, norte de santander, and santander departments.    (reporter alvaro ayala) doctor, could these terrorist attacks lead to an increase in fuel prices in colombia?    (dr andres restrepo londono, president of ecopetrol) obviously, there will come a time when, faced with increasing internal production costs and falling revenues, we are going to have to consider compensating our losses with an increase in domestic oil prices, but that is a measure we are not about to adopt at this time.    (gracia) today's landslide, which destroyed a section of the multipurpose pipeline between barrancabermeja and bucaramanga, has resulted in estimated losses totalling 1.435 billion pesos. (passage omitted) (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 37, 'end_gold': 66, 'gold': ' in alto de san pablo while gasoline and propane gas were being pumped to bucaramanga. we have a report now from te', 'candidates': [(565, 583, ' sucre, arauca, norte de santander, and santander', 6.262219429016113), (565, 582, ' sucre, arauca, norte de santander, and sant', 4.500306129455566), (565, 577, ' sucre, arauca, norte de sant', 1.670465111732483)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>an explosion has destroyed a section of the multipurpose pipeline running from barrancabermeja to bucaramanga. the explosion occurred in alto de san pablo while gasoline and propane gas were being pumped to bucaramanga. we have a report now from teresa rueda.    (begin recording) (rueda) communications to and from puerto petrolero and bucaramanga have been cut off since early today, after an attempt to dynamite the multipurpose pipeline destroyed a 100-meter section of the central highway.    the supply of gas to bucaramanga will also be affected by this event. it is estimated that it will take at least 3 days to restore normal traffic, because it will be necessary to use dynamite to remove rocks currently blocking the highway.    the attempted sabotage occurred at the 65-km mark on the bucaramanga - barrancabermeja highway, 20 km from the place where a military convoy was ambushed last wednesday. this is the second time that an attempted sabotage of the bucaramanga - barrancabermeja multipurpose pipeline, which carries propane gas, gasoline, and acpm (not further identified) has taken place. the explosion destroyed a 30-meter section of pipeline, and sparked a fire that has not yet been extinguished.    losses caused by the sabotage, which has been attributed to the eln, have yet to be ascertained. it is estimated that repairs to the highway alone will cost the public works ministry 5 million pesos.    (ismael orozco, public works director for the 5th district) well, after initial talks with ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise) technicians today, beginning at 1700, after the fire is under control, they will begin restoring service on the oil pipeline.    (rueda) at this time, there is traffic congestion near the sugamoso bridge. (end recording) (passage omitted)    while still on the subject, ecopetrol's president, who traveled this morning to barrancabermeja to attend a forum on the magdalena river, reported that, so far this year, terrorist attacks have cost his company $300 million.  we have this report from maria clara gracia.    (begin recording) (gracia) ecopetrol has lost 95 billion pesos in revenues this year due to the 44 terrorist attacks on the cano limon - covenas oil pipeline. in these attacks, 13.2 million barrels of crude oil have been lost. the areas most affected by these attacks are in sucre, arauca, norte de santander, and santander departments.    (reporter alvaro ayala) doctor, could these terrorist attacks lead to an increase in fuel prices in colombia?    (dr andres restrepo londono, president of ecopetrol) obviously, there will come a time when, faced with increasing internal production costs and falling revenues, we are going to have to consider compensating our losses with an increase in domestic oil prices, but that is a measure we are not about to adopt at this time.    (gracia) today's landslide, which destroyed a section of the multipurpose pipeline between barrancabermeja and bucaramanga, has resulted in estimated losses totalling 1.435 billion pesos. (passage omitted) (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(556, 583, ' the areas most affected by these attacks are in sucre, arauca, norte de santander, and santander', 6.88370418548584), (556, 582, ' the areas most affected by these attacks are in sucre, arauca, norte de santander, and sant', 4.399380683898926), (556, 559, ' the areas most', 2.091586112976074)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>an explosion has destroyed a section of the multipurpose pipeline running from barrancabermeja to bucaramanga. the explosion occurred in alto de san pablo while gasoline and propane gas were being pumped to bucaramanga. we have a report now from teresa rueda.    (begin recording) (rueda) communications to and from puerto petrolero and bucaramanga have been cut off since early today, after an attempt to dynamite the multipurpose pipeline destroyed a 100-meter section of the central highway.    the supply of gas to bucaramanga will also be affected by this event. it is estimated that it will take at least 3 days to restore normal traffic, because it will be necessary to use dynamite to remove rocks currently blocking the highway.    the attempted sabotage occurred at the 65-km mark on the bucaramanga - barrancabermeja highway, 20 km from the place where a military convoy was ambushed last wednesday. this is the second time that an attempted sabotage of the bucaramanga - barrancabermeja multipurpose pipeline, which carries propane gas, gasoline, and acpm (not further identified) has taken place. the explosion destroyed a 30-meter section of pipeline, and sparked a fire that has not yet been extinguished.    losses caused by the sabotage, which has been attributed to the eln, have yet to be ascertained. it is estimated that repairs to the highway alone will cost the public works ministry 5 million pesos.    (ismael orozco, public works director for the 5th district) well, after initial talks with ecopetrol (colombian petroleum enterprise) technicians today, beginning at 1700, after the fire is under control, they will begin restoring service on the oil pipeline.    (rueda) at this time, there is traffic congestion near the sugamoso bridge. (end recording) (passage omitted)    while still on the subject, ecopetrol's president, who traveled this morning to barrancabermeja to attend a forum on the magdalena river, reported that, so far this year, terrorist attacks have cost his company $300 million.  we have this report from maria clara gracia.    (begin recording) (gracia) ecopetrol has lost 95 billion pesos in revenues this year due to the 44 terrorist attacks on the cano limon - covenas oil pipeline. in these attacks, 13.2 million barrels of crude oil have been lost. the areas most affected by these attacks are in sucre, arauca, norte de santander, and santander departments.    (reporter alvaro ayala) doctor, could these terrorist attacks lead to an increase in fuel prices in colombia?    (dr andres restrepo londono, president of ecopetrol) obviously, there will come a time when, faced with increasing internal production costs and falling revenues, we are going to have to consider compensating our losses with an increase in domestic oil prices, but that is a measure we are not about to adopt at this time.    (gracia) today's landslide, which destroyed a section of the multipurpose pipeline between barrancabermeja and bucaramanga, has resulted in estimated losses totalling 1.435 billion pesos. (passage omitted) (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(214, 215, ' military', 2.6211328506469727), (214, 214, '', 0.5904560685157776), (214, 221, ' military convoy was ambushed last wed', -2.6743078231811523)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>a small home-made bomb exploded at dawn today at the headquarters of the shoe industry workers union, in this city, causing small material damages.    the bomb, made with black gunpowder, was planted at 0330 on the windowsill of the building located on 2157 tucuman street in barrio alta, cordoba, where the bomb interrupted union functions. this union is headed by miguel montero.    the explosion caused some panic near the area, but it was soon discovered that the blast only shattered windows.  no casualties were reported. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(92, 96, ' miguel monter', -0.5659453868865967), (92, 97, ' miguel montero', -2.194002151489258), (92, 121, ' miguel montero.    the explosion caused some panic near the area, but it was soon discovered that the blast only shattered windows', -3.4338793754577637)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>a small home-made bomb exploded at dawn today at the headquarters of the shoe industry workers union, in this city, causing small material damages.    the bomb, made with black gunpowder, was planted at 0330 on the windowsill of the building located on 2157 tucuman street in barrio alta, cordoba, where the bomb interrupted union functions. this union is headed by miguel montero.    the explosion caused some panic near the area, but it was soon discovered that the blast only shattered windows.  no casualties were reported. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(92, 96, ' miguel monter', 2.688204288482666), (92, 97, ' miguel montero', 0.9478354454040527), (92, 121, ' miguel montero.    the explosion caused some panic near the area, but it was soon discovered that the blast only shattered windows', -1.7391360998153687)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>a small home-made bomb exploded at dawn today at the headquarters of the shoe industry workers union, in this city, causing small material damages.    the bomb, made with black gunpowder, was planted at 0330 on the windowsill of the building located on 2157 tucuman street in barrio alta, cordoba, where the bomb interrupted union functions. this union is headed by miguel montero.    the explosion caused some panic near the area, but it was soon discovered that the blast only shattered windows.  no casualties were reported. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 61, 'end_gold': 79, 'gold': ' building located on 2157 tucuman street in barrio alta, cordoba,', 'candidates': [(24, 27, ' shoe industry workers', 2.3747243881225586), (24, 28, ' shoe industry workers union', -0.45610320568084717), (24, 26, ' shoe industry', -1.8325611352920532)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>a small home-made bomb exploded at dawn today at the headquarters of the shoe industry workers union, in this city, causing small material damages.    the bomb, made with black gunpowder, was planted at 0330 on the windowsill of the building located on 2157 tucuman street in barrio alta, cordoba, where the bomb interrupted union functions. this union is headed by miguel montero.    the explosion caused some panic near the area, but it was soon discovered that the blast only shattered windows.  no casualties were reported. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(118, 119, ' shattered', 3.1407885551452637), (118, 125, ' shattered windows.  no casualties were', 2.413422107696533), (118, 130, ' shattered windows.  no casualties were reported. (passage', 1.6443324089050293)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>a small home-made bomb exploded at dawn today at the headquarters of the shoe industry workers union, in this city, causing small material damages.    the bomb, made with black gunpowder, was planted at 0330 on the windowsill of the building located on 2157 tucuman street in barrio alta, cordoba, where the bomb interrupted union functions. this union is headed by miguel montero.    the explosion caused some panic near the area, but it was soon discovered that the blast only shattered windows.  no casualties were reported. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 10, 'end_gold': 25, 'gold': ' small home-made bomb exploded at dawn today at the headquarters of the shoe', 'candidates': [(24, 27, ' shoe industry workers', 3.933506965637207), (24, 48, ' shoe industry workers union, in this city, causing small material damages.    the bomb, made with black gun', 1.228144645690918), (24, 26, ' shoe industry', 0.6133996248245239)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>security forces have detained three more alleged terrorists in copiapo on charges of conducting terrorist activities in the region. details on these terrorists activities have not yet been reported.    tacama university student walter araya is reportedly among the nine people who are being held at the investigation service precinct. also among the detainees are: rafael vegas ambra, cristobal carrasco onate, jimmy farias dias, jorge lopes hubilla, victor serrano seguel, and ernesto guzman morales.    copiapo lawyers have submitted pleas for injunctions in favor of the detainees and of the families whose homes have been raided.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(17, 17, '', 1.8794734477996826), (17, 35, ' terrorists in copiapo on charges of conducting terrorist activities in the region. details on these', -2.4157662391662598), (17, 21, ' terrorists in copi', -3.4545209407806396)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>security forces have detained three more alleged terrorists in copiapo on charges of conducting terrorist activities in the region. details on these terrorists activities have not yet been reported.    tacama university student walter araya is reportedly among the nine people who are being held at the investigation service precinct. also among the detainees are: rafael vegas ambra, cristobal carrasco onate, jimmy farias dias, jorge lopes hubilla, victor serrano seguel, and ernesto guzman morales.    copiapo lawyers have submitted pleas for injunctions in favor of the detainees and of the families whose homes have been raided.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(17, 17, '', 0.0907013863325119), (17, 35, ' terrorists in copiapo on charges of conducting terrorist activities in the region. details on these', -2.8619115352630615), (17, 21, ' terrorists in copi', -4.5320658683776855)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>security forces have detained three more alleged terrorists in copiapo on charges of conducting terrorist activities in the region. details on these terrorists activities have not yet been reported.    tacama university student walter araya is reportedly among the nine people who are being held at the investigation service precinct. also among the detainees are: rafael vegas ambra, cristobal carrasco onate, jimmy farias dias, jorge lopes hubilla, victor serrano seguel, and ernesto guzman morales.    copiapo lawyers have submitted pleas for injunctions in favor of the detainees and of the families whose homes have been raided.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(146, 151, ' families whose homes have been', -0.49553683400154114), (146, 146, '', -2.617910146713257), (146, 152, ' families whose homes have been raided', -3.219326972961426)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>security forces have detained three more alleged terrorists in copiapo on charges of conducting terrorist activities in the region. details on these terrorists activities have not yet been reported.    tacama university student walter araya is reportedly among the nine people who are being held at the investigation service precinct. also among the detainees are: rafael vegas ambra, cristobal carrasco onate, jimmy farias dias, jorge lopes hubilla, victor serrano seguel, and ernesto guzman morales.    copiapo lawyers have submitted pleas for injunctions in favor of the detainees and of the families whose homes have been raided.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(146, 151, ' families whose homes have been', 6.092595100402832), (146, 152, ' families whose homes have been raided', 4.475440979003906), (146, 146, '', 3.9101762771606445)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>security forces have detained three more alleged terrorists in copiapo on charges of conducting terrorist activities in the region. details on these terrorists activities have not yet been reported.    tacama university student walter araya is reportedly among the nine people who are being held at the investigation service precinct. also among the detainees are: rafael vegas ambra, cristobal carrasco onate, jimmy farias dias, jorge lopes hubilla, victor serrano seguel, and ernesto guzman morales.    copiapo lawyers have submitted pleas for injunctions in favor of the detainees and of the families whose homes have been raided.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(75, 98, ' rafael vegas ambra, cristobal carrasco onate, jimmy farias di', 3.0829339027404785), (75, 90, ' rafael vegas ambra, cristobal carrasco on', 2.8872082233428955), (75, 88, ' rafael vegas ambra, cristobal carras', 2.3402585983276367)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>it was disclosed in this capital today that a bomb exploded at the front door of the home of a peruvian army general, causing damages but no casualties. the bomb went off 48 hours after a member of the army sustained a bullet wound.    the terrorist attack was perpetrated at dawn on saturday, 9 october, by a group of unidentified individuals who hurled a bomb at the home of general enrique franco, in the san borja neighborhood in lima, from a passing vehicle.    the bomb seriously damaged the general's vehicle, destroyed his home's front door, and shattered its window panes, as well as those of neighboring houses.  according to the local media that obtained information from police sources, the explosion, however, did not hurt any of the members of the general's family, who were sleeping at the the time.    two days ago, an army technician, who was driving home, sustained a bullet wound when a group of unidentified individuals, riding in another vehicle, fired their weapons at him. the incident occurred near la bandera plaza in the pueblo libre district of lima.</s>", 'start_gold': 319, 'end_gold': 334, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(80, 80, '', 7.290783405303955), (80, 81, ' unidentified', 6.242829322814941), (80, 110, ' unidentified individuals who hurled a bomb at the home of general enrique franco, in the san borja neighborhood in lima, from a passing', 2.7559871673583984)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>it was disclosed in this capital today that a bomb exploded at the front door of the home of a peruvian army general, causing damages but no casualties. the bomb went off 48 hours after a member of the army sustained a bullet wound.    the terrorist attack was perpetrated at dawn on saturday, 9 october, by a group of unidentified individuals who hurled a bomb at the home of general enrique franco, in the san borja neighborhood in lima, from a passing vehicle.    the bomb seriously damaged the general's vehicle, destroyed his home's front door, and shattered its window panes, as well as those of neighboring houses.  according to the local media that obtained information from police sources, the explosion, however, did not hurt any of the members of the general's family, who were sleeping at the the time.    two days ago, an army technician, who was driving home, sustained a bullet wound when a group of unidentified individuals, riding in another vehicle, fired their weapons at him. the incident occurred near la bandera plaza in the pueblo libre district of lima.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(80, 81, ' unidentified', 10.797309875488281), (80, 80, '', 10.068668365478516), (80, 110, ' unidentified individuals who hurled a bomb at the home of general enrique franco, in the san borja neighborhood in lima, from a passing', 5.762707710266113)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>it was disclosed in this capital today that a bomb exploded at the front door of the home of a peruvian army general, causing damages but no casualties. the bomb went off 48 hours after a member of the army sustained a bullet wound.    the terrorist attack was perpetrated at dawn on saturday, 9 october, by a group of unidentified individuals who hurled a bomb at the home of general enrique franco, in the san borja neighborhood in lima, from a passing vehicle.    the bomb seriously damaged the general's vehicle, destroyed his home's front door, and shattered its window panes, as well as those of neighboring houses.  according to the local media that obtained information from police sources, the explosion, however, did not hurt any of the members of the general's family, who were sleeping at the the time.    two days ago, an army technician, who was driving home, sustained a bullet wound when a group of unidentified individuals, riding in another vehicle, fired their weapons at him. the incident occurred near la bandera plaza in the pueblo libre district of lima.</s>", 'start_gold': 93, 'end_gold': 110, 'gold': 'anco, in the san borja neighborhood in lima, from a passing vehicle', 'candidates': [(86, 93, ' the home of general enrique fr', 4.451129913330078), (86, 109, ' the home of general enrique franco, in the san borja neighborhood in lima, from a passing', 2.446101427078247), (86, 94, ' the home of general enrique franco', 1.8015730381011963)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>it was disclosed in this capital today that a bomb exploded at the front door of the home of a peruvian army general, causing damages but no casualties. the bomb went off 48 hours after a member of the army sustained a bullet wound.    the terrorist attack was perpetrated at dawn on saturday, 9 october, by a group of unidentified individuals who hurled a bomb at the home of general enrique franco, in the san borja neighborhood in lima, from a passing vehicle.    the bomb seriously damaged the general's vehicle, destroyed his home's front door, and shattered its window panes, as well as those of neighboring houses.  according to the local media that obtained information from police sources, the explosion, however, did not hurt any of the members of the general's family, who were sleeping at the the time.    two days ago, an army technician, who was driving home, sustained a bullet wound when a group of unidentified individuals, riding in another vehicle, fired their weapons at him. the incident occurred near la bandera plaza in the pueblo libre district of lima.</s>", 'start_gold': 393, 'end_gold': 407, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(171, 174, " the general's", 0.8229147791862488), (171, 182, " the general's family, who were sleeping at the the", -2.349123001098633), (171, 193, " the general's family, who were sleeping at the the time.    two days ago, an army", -3.1970419883728027)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>it was disclosed in this capital today that a bomb exploded at the front door of the home of a peruvian army general, causing damages but no casualties. the bomb went off 48 hours after a member of the army sustained a bullet wound.    the terrorist attack was perpetrated at dawn on saturday, 9 october, by a group of unidentified individuals who hurled a bomb at the home of general enrique franco, in the san borja neighborhood in lima, from a passing vehicle.    the bomb seriously damaged the general's vehicle, destroyed his home's front door, and shattered its window panes, as well as those of neighboring houses.  according to the local media that obtained information from police sources, the explosion, however, did not hurt any of the members of the general's family, who were sleeping at the the time.    two days ago, an army technician, who was driving home, sustained a bullet wound when a group of unidentified individuals, riding in another vehicle, fired their weapons at him. the incident occurred near la bandera plaza in the pueblo libre district of lima.</s>", 'start_gold': 54, 'end_gold': 65, 'gold': ' bullet wound.    the terrorist attack was perpetrated', 'candidates': [(205, 209, ' a group of unidentified', 9.964597702026367), (205, 214, ' a group of unidentified individuals, riding in another', 8.522732734680176), (205, 220, ' a group of unidentified individuals, riding in another vehicle, fired their weapons at', 5.727482795715332)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>belize\'s state radio on thursday reported that a guatemalan gunboat fired at a british naval vessel that has been conducting a survey in belize\'s waters. the radio said the incident occurred last sunday in the waters off southern belize.    the report said that the hms fawn, which has been conducting holographic surveys, was reportedly in belizean territorial waters--near the median line where the sea boundaries of honduras, belize and guatemala meet--when "a guatemalan gunboat ordered the ship to stop." the instruction was ignored, the radio said, "whereupon the guatemalan vessel fired a shot in the direction of the british survey vessel."    the british dispatched two royal airforce fighter planes to the "general area and once the british harriers appeared at the site of the incident, the british communicated by telephone with guatemalan authorities," the radio reported. agreement was reached for the guatemalan vessel to withdraw from the area.    british authorities have taken up the matter with guatemala and trust that guatemalan authorities will take measures to ensure "that an unfortunate and dangerous incident" which occurred on sunday "will not recur," the radio said.    in early october the guatemalan naval patrol in the same general area in the south of belize, seized a honduras registered boat along with its honduran crew and five belizeans including five fishermen and a marine biologist who were conducting deep sea fishing research in the area. the belizeans were later released after the belize government approached guatemalan authorities.  belize prime minister manual esquivel later told a press conference that the honduran vessel was in guatemalan waters when it was seized.    relations between belize and guatemala have been strained by their territorial dispute. guatemala claims a section of belize--a claim which the former british colony rejected.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(21, 33, ' guatemalan gunboat fired at a british naval', 2.016148805618286), (21, 23, ' guatem', 1.126237392425537), (21, 31, ' guatemalan gunboat fired at a brit', 1.045088768005371)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>belize\'s state radio on thursday reported that a guatemalan gunboat fired at a british naval vessel that has been conducting a survey in belize\'s waters. the radio said the incident occurred last sunday in the waters off southern belize.    the report said that the hms fawn, which has been conducting holographic surveys, was reportedly in belizean territorial waters--near the median line where the sea boundaries of honduras, belize and guatemala meet--when "a guatemalan gunboat ordered the ship to stop." the instruction was ignored, the radio said, "whereupon the guatemalan vessel fired a shot in the direction of the british survey vessel."    the british dispatched two royal airforce fighter planes to the "general area and once the british harriers appeared at the site of the incident, the british communicated by telephone with guatemalan authorities," the radio reported. agreement was reached for the guatemalan vessel to withdraw from the area.    british authorities have taken up the matter with guatemala and trust that guatemalan authorities will take measures to ensure "that an unfortunate and dangerous incident" which occurred on sunday "will not recur," the radio said.    in early october the guatemalan naval patrol in the same general area in the south of belize, seized a honduras registered boat along with its honduran crew and five belizeans including five fishermen and a marine biologist who were conducting deep sea fishing research in the area. the belizeans were later released after the belize government approached guatemalan authorities.  belize prime minister manual esquivel later told a press conference that the honduran vessel was in guatemalan waters when it was seized.    relations between belize and guatemala have been strained by their territorial dispute. guatemala claims a section of belize--a claim which the former british colony rejected.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(21, 33, ' guatemalan gunboat fired at a british naval', 5.225829124450684), (21, 31, ' guatemalan gunboat fired at a brit', 4.296811580657959), (21, 23, ' guatem', 3.9959189891815186)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>belize\'s state radio on thursday reported that a guatemalan gunboat fired at a british naval vessel that has been conducting a survey in belize\'s waters. the radio said the incident occurred last sunday in the waters off southern belize.    the report said that the hms fawn, which has been conducting holographic surveys, was reportedly in belizean territorial waters--near the median line where the sea boundaries of honduras, belize and guatemala meet--when "a guatemalan gunboat ordered the ship to stop." the instruction was ignored, the radio said, "whereupon the guatemalan vessel fired a shot in the direction of the british survey vessel."    the british dispatched two royal airforce fighter planes to the "general area and once the british harriers appeared at the site of the incident, the british communicated by telephone with guatemalan authorities," the radio reported. agreement was reached for the guatemalan vessel to withdraw from the area.    british authorities have taken up the matter with guatemala and trust that guatemalan authorities will take measures to ensure "that an unfortunate and dangerous incident" which occurred on sunday "will not recur," the radio said.    in early october the guatemalan naval patrol in the same general area in the south of belize, seized a honduras registered boat along with its honduran crew and five belizeans including five fishermen and a marine biologist who were conducting deep sea fishing research in the area. the belizeans were later released after the belize government approached guatemalan authorities.  belize prime minister manual esquivel later told a press conference that the honduran vessel was in guatemalan waters when it was seized.    relations between belize and guatemala have been strained by their territorial dispute. guatemala claims a section of belize--a claim which the former british colony rejected.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(28, 32, ' british naval', 8.669878005981445), (28, 43, " british naval vessel that has been conducting a survey in belize's", 6.273403644561768), (28, 30, ' brit', 5.585203170776367)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>belize\'s state radio on thursday reported that a guatemalan gunboat fired at a british naval vessel that has been conducting a survey in belize\'s waters. the radio said the incident occurred last sunday in the waters off southern belize.    the report said that the hms fawn, which has been conducting holographic surveys, was reportedly in belizean territorial waters--near the median line where the sea boundaries of honduras, belize and guatemala meet--when "a guatemalan gunboat ordered the ship to stop." the instruction was ignored, the radio said, "whereupon the guatemalan vessel fired a shot in the direction of the british survey vessel."    the british dispatched two royal airforce fighter planes to the "general area and once the british harriers appeared at the site of the incident, the british communicated by telephone with guatemalan authorities," the radio reported. agreement was reached for the guatemalan vessel to withdraw from the area.    british authorities have taken up the matter with guatemala and trust that guatemalan authorities will take measures to ensure "that an unfortunate and dangerous incident" which occurred on sunday "will not recur," the radio said.    in early october the guatemalan naval patrol in the same general area in the south of belize, seized a honduras registered boat along with its honduran crew and five belizeans including five fishermen and a marine biologist who were conducting deep sea fishing research in the area. the belizeans were later released after the belize government approached guatemalan authorities.  belize prime minister manual esquivel later told a press conference that the honduran vessel was in guatemalan waters when it was seized.    relations between belize and guatemala have been strained by their territorial dispute. guatemala claims a section of belize--a claim which the former british colony rejected.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(316, 326, ' five belizeans including five fishermen and a marine', 5.6123833656311035), (316, 336, ' five belizeans including five fishermen and a marine biologist who were conducting deep sea fishing research in the', 4.47959566116333), (316, 319, ' five belize', 4.342830657958984)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>belize\'s state radio on thursday reported that a guatemalan gunboat fired at a british naval vessel that has been conducting a survey in belize\'s waters. the radio said the incident occurred last sunday in the waters off southern belize.    the report said that the hms fawn, which has been conducting holographic surveys, was reportedly in belizean territorial waters--near the median line where the sea boundaries of honduras, belize and guatemala meet--when "a guatemalan gunboat ordered the ship to stop." the instruction was ignored, the radio said, "whereupon the guatemalan vessel fired a shot in the direction of the british survey vessel."    the british dispatched two royal airforce fighter planes to the "general area and once the british harriers appeared at the site of the incident, the british communicated by telephone with guatemalan authorities," the radio reported. agreement was reached for the guatemalan vessel to withdraw from the area.    british authorities have taken up the matter with guatemala and trust that guatemalan authorities will take measures to ensure "that an unfortunate and dangerous incident" which occurred on sunday "will not recur," the radio said.    in early october the guatemalan naval patrol in the same general area in the south of belize, seized a honduras registered boat along with its honduran crew and five belizeans including five fishermen and a marine biologist who were conducting deep sea fishing research in the area. the belizeans were later released after the belize government approached guatemalan authorities.  belize prime minister manual esquivel later told a press conference that the honduran vessel was in guatemalan waters when it was seized.    relations between belize and guatemala have been strained by their territorial dispute. guatemala claims a section of belize--a claim which the former british colony rejected.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(167, 184, ' royal airforce fighter planes to the "general area and once the british har', 12.053874969482422), (167, 171, ' royal airforce fighter', 11.597294807434082), (167, 169, ' royal air', 9.964247703552246)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the political-military command has issued a communique reporting that three terrorists have died and four were arrested in an armed clash between an army patrol and a terrorist column.    the communique says that a few days ago a group of terrorists clashed with the army in the chilhua region, la mar province, ayacucho department. some terrorists were detained and put at the disposal of the san miguel police station.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(81, 81, '', -1.8426387310028076), (81, 96, ' terrorists were detained and put at the disposal of the san miguel police station', -3.522596836090088), (81, 95, ' terrorists were detained and put at the disposal of the san miguel police', -5.246869087219238)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the political-military command has issued a communique reporting that three terrorists have died and four were arrested in an armed clash between an army patrol and a terrorist column.    the communique says that a few days ago a group of terrorists clashed with the army in the chilhua region, la mar province, ayacucho department. some terrorists were detained and put at the disposal of the san miguel police station.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(36, 36, '', 1.6789236068725586), (36, 41, ' army patrol and a terrorist', 1.3857126235961914), (36, 40, ' army patrol and a', -0.747704029083252)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the political-military command has issued a communique reporting that three terrorists have died and four were arrested in an armed clash between an army patrol and a terrorist column.    the communique says that a few days ago a group of terrorists clashed with the army in the chilhua region, la mar province, ayacucho department. some terrorists were detained and put at the disposal of the san miguel police station.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(35, 35, '', 1.6372119188308716), (35, 40, ' army patrol and a terrorist', 0.1614963412284851), (35, 36, ' army', -0.8505134582519531)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the political-military command has issued a communique reporting that three terrorists have died and four were arrested in an armed clash between an army patrol and a terrorist column.    the communique says that a few days ago a group of terrorists clashed with the army in the chilhua region, la mar province, ayacucho department. some terrorists were detained and put at the disposal of the san miguel police station.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(21, 22, ' three', 8.478604316711426), (21, 28, ' three terrorists have died and four were', 5.753300666809082), (21, 24, ' three terrorists have', 5.662791728973389)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the political-military command has issued a communique reporting that three terrorists have died and four were arrested in an armed clash between an army patrol and a terrorist column.    the communique says that a few days ago a group of terrorists clashed with the army in the chilhua region, la mar province, ayacucho department. some terrorists were detained and put at the disposal of the san miguel police station.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(34, 40, ' an army patrol and a terrorist', 10.367198944091797), (34, 35, ' an', 8.37773323059082), (34, 36, ' an army', 7.0595293045043945)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>two bombs set off by fmln urban guerrillas last night partially destroyed the recently built la torre de cristal building on roosevelt avenue in san salvador.  the explosions caused no injuries, but damage to the eastern side of the first floor is estimated at several million colons. it is not known who owns the building.  (passage omitted)    in other military actions, one guerrilla was killed and two soldiers were injured in clashes in san vicente department.  according to official reports, the clash took place near tecoluca when rebels tried to attack troops from the military engineers detachment.    the fmln last night blew up the administrative offices of the (name indistinct) seaside resort in la paz department.  there were no injuries.    at daybreak today, fmln guerrillas blew up a power pole at galera quemada canton, ilobasco jurisdiction.</s>', 'start_gold': 30, 'end_gold': 47, 'gold': ' torre de cristal building on roosevelt avenue in san salvador.', 'candidates': [(15, 21, ' fmln urban guerr', 2.3065295219421387), (15, 17, ' fml', -1.7781726121902466), (15, 19, ' fmln urban', -3.083742141723633)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>two bombs set off by fmln urban guerrillas last night partially destroyed the recently built la torre de cristal building on roosevelt avenue in san salvador.  the explosions caused no injuries, but damage to the eastern side of the first floor is estimated at several million colons. it is not known who owns the building.  (passage omitted)    in other military actions, one guerrilla was killed and two soldiers were injured in clashes in san vicente department.  according to official reports, the clash took place near tecoluca when rebels tried to attack troops from the military engineers detachment.    the fmln last night blew up the administrative offices of the (name indistinct) seaside resort in la paz department.  there were no injuries.    at daybreak today, fmln guerrillas blew up a power pole at galera quemada canton, ilobasco jurisdiction.</s>', 'start_gold': 30, 'end_gold': 43, 'gold': ' torre de cristal building on roosevelt avenue in', 'candidates': [(15, 21, ' fmln urban guerr', 6.173398017883301), (15, 17, ' fml', 2.0898613929748535), (15, 19, ' fmln urban', -0.04764533042907715)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>two bombs set off by fmln urban guerrillas last night partially destroyed the recently built la torre de cristal building on roosevelt avenue in san salvador.  the explosions caused no injuries, but damage to the eastern side of the first floor is estimated at several million colons. it is not known who owns the building.  (passage omitted)    in other military actions, one guerrilla was killed and two soldiers were injured in clashes in san vicente department.  according to official reports, the clash took place near tecoluca when rebels tried to attack troops from the military engineers detachment.    the fmln last night blew up the administrative offices of the (name indistinct) seaside resort in la paz department.  there were no injuries.    at daybreak today, fmln guerrillas blew up a power pole at galera quemada canton, ilobasco jurisdiction.</s>', 'start_gold': 86, 'end_gold': 107, 'gold': '    in other military actions, one guerrilla was killed and two soldiers were injured in clashes in san', 'candidates': [(130, 135, ' troops from the military engineers', 3.004352569580078), (130, 134, ' troops from the military', -0.3447548747062683), (130, 136, ' troops from the military engineers detachment', -0.5727674961090088)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>two bombs set off by fmln urban guerrillas last night partially destroyed the recently built la torre de cristal building on roosevelt avenue in san salvador.  the explosions caused no injuries, but damage to the eastern side of the first floor is estimated at several million colons. it is not known who owns the building.  (passage omitted)    in other military actions, one guerrilla was killed and two soldiers were injured in clashes in san vicente department.  according to official reports, the clash took place near tecoluca when rebels tried to attack troops from the military engineers detachment.    the fmln last night blew up the administrative offices of the (name indistinct) seaside resort in la paz department.  there were no injuries.    at daybreak today, fmln guerrillas blew up a power pole at galera quemada canton, ilobasco jurisdiction.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(94, 102, ' one guerrilla was killed and two soldiers were', 1.0712733268737793), (94, 100, ' one guerrilla was killed and two', 0.5706378221511841), (94, 109, ' one guerrilla was killed and two soldiers were injured in clashes in san vicente', -0.854487955570221)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>two bombs set off by fmln urban guerrillas last night partially destroyed the recently built la torre de cristal building on roosevelt avenue in san salvador.  the explosions caused no injuries, but damage to the eastern side of the first floor is estimated at several million colons. it is not known who owns the building.  (passage omitted)    in other military actions, one guerrilla was killed and two soldiers were injured in clashes in san vicente department.  according to official reports, the clash took place near tecoluca when rebels tried to attack troops from the military engineers detachment.    the fmln last night blew up the administrative offices of the (name indistinct) seaside resort in la paz department.  there were no injuries.    at daybreak today, fmln guerrillas blew up a power pole at galera quemada canton, ilobasco jurisdiction.</s>', 'start_gold': 8, 'end_gold': 20, 'gold': '</s>two bombs set off by fmln urban guerr', 'candidates': [(14, 20, ' fmln urban guerr', 7.783437728881836), (14, 16, ' fml', 3.5810654163360596), (14, 22, ' fmln urban guerrillas last', 1.0906972885131836)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>honduran military sources yesterday reported that several times in september, eps soldiers entered honduran territory and harassed the 6th infantry battalion observation post in el pital, cifuentes, el paraiso department.    the raids into honduran territory and the harassments occurred as follows:    1. on 19 august 1988, eps troops set up communications tracking equipment (radar) in loma fria, which was protected by missiles and antiaircraft machineguns.    2. on 21 august 1988, eps soldiers kidnapped honduran citizens rosalio mejia rodriguez and her son guillermo saul mejia herrera, who were taken to nicaraguan territory.    3. on 6 september 1988, an eps patrol entered honduran territory and harassed the 6th infantry battalion posts located in el pital, cifuentes. our troops responded to their fire and suffered no casualties.    4. on 9 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked with machinegun and mortar fire the 9th infantry brigade battalion post in cerro pelon, la lampara, quebrada del oro, and tapalchi, in poteca river, paraiso. during the attack, soldier jose mario chicas diaz was wounded.  our troops responded to the fire and reported no (further) casualties.    5. on 10 september 1988, eps troops continued attacking the same 9th infantry brigade battalion post with 50-mm machineguns; patrols were increased and personnel and weapons were deployed to the guapinol, comarca, paraisito, and comarca guanito sectors, near the poteca river.    6. on 14 september 1988, eps soldiers harassed with machinegun fire the 9th infantry brigade post located in el guineo and pueblo nuevo, cifuentes. no casualties were reported.    7. on 18 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked positions held by the 9th infantry battalion at la congolona on the poteca river with 82 - and 120-mm mortars, rpg-7's, and rifle fire. the fire was returned without any reported casualties.    8. on 19 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked, with mortars, rifle, and rpg-7's, positions held by the 6th infantry battalion in el pital, and also in aduena vieja, guasapo, and cifuentes. our troops returned the fire without any reported casualties.    9. on 20 september 1988, the eps freed hector rosales mejia rodriguez and his son guillermo saul mejia herrera, who had been kidnapped by eps troops on 21 august 1988.    10. on 24 september 1988, eps troops harassaed with rifle fire a 6th infantry battalion position in aduana vieja, cifuentes, without any reported casualties.    11. on 25 september 1988, eps troops harassed aduana cifuentes with rifle fire, without any reported casualties.    12. on 25 september 1988, eps troops shot a 120-mm mortar that fell 75 meters from casa de ladrillo in cifuentes.</s>", 'start_gold': 87, 'end_gold': 100, 'gold': ', eps troops set up communications tracking equipment (radar)', 'candidates': [(589, 612, ' hector rosales mejia rodriguez and his son guillermo saul mejia her', 4.383844375610352), (589, 599, ' hector rosales mejia rodrig', 3.0994741916656494), (589, 613, ' hector rosales mejia rodriguez and his son guillermo saul mejia herrera', 1.5821473598480225)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>honduran military sources yesterday reported that several times in september, eps soldiers entered honduran territory and harassed the 6th infantry battalion observation post in el pital, cifuentes, el paraiso department.    the raids into honduran territory and the harassments occurred as follows:    1. on 19 august 1988, eps troops set up communications tracking equipment (radar) in loma fria, which was protected by missiles and antiaircraft machineguns.    2. on 21 august 1988, eps soldiers kidnapped honduran citizens rosalio mejia rodriguez and her son guillermo saul mejia herrera, who were taken to nicaraguan territory.    3. on 6 september 1988, an eps patrol entered honduran territory and harassed the 6th infantry battalion posts located in el pital, cifuentes. our troops responded to their fire and suffered no casualties.    4. on 9 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked with machinegun and mortar fire the 9th infantry brigade battalion post in cerro pelon, la lampara, quebrada del oro, and tapalchi, in poteca river, paraiso. during the attack, soldier jose mario chicas diaz was wounded.  our troops responded to the fire and reported no (further) casualties.    5. on 10 september 1988, eps troops continued attacking the same 9th infantry brigade battalion post with 50-mm machineguns; patrols were increased and personnel and weapons were deployed to the guapinol, comarca, paraisito, and comarca guanito sectors, near the poteca river.    6. on 14 september 1988, eps soldiers harassed with machinegun fire the 9th infantry brigade post located in el guineo and pueblo nuevo, cifuentes. no casualties were reported.    7. on 18 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked positions held by the 9th infantry battalion at la congolona on the poteca river with 82 - and 120-mm mortars, rpg-7's, and rifle fire. the fire was returned without any reported casualties.    8. on 19 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked, with mortars, rifle, and rpg-7's, positions held by the 6th infantry battalion in el pital, and also in aduena vieja, guasapo, and cifuentes. our troops returned the fire without any reported casualties.    9. on 20 september 1988, the eps freed hector rosales mejia rodriguez and his son guillermo saul mejia herrera, who had been kidnapped by eps troops on 21 august 1988.    10. on 24 september 1988, eps troops harassaed with rifle fire a 6th infantry battalion position in aduana vieja, cifuentes, without any reported casualties.    11. on 25 september 1988, eps troops harassed aduana cifuentes with rifle fire, without any reported casualties.    12. on 25 september 1988, eps troops shot a 120-mm mortar that fell 75 meters from casa de ladrillo in cifuentes.</s>", 'start_gold': 87, 'end_gold': 99, 'gold': ', eps troops set up communications tracking equipment (radar', 'candidates': [(589, 612, ' hector rosales mejia rodriguez and his son guillermo saul mejia her', 0.994641900062561), (589, 599, ' hector rosales mejia rodrig', 0.6977953910827637), (589, 613, ' hector rosales mejia rodriguez and his son guillermo saul mejia herrera', -2.0954842567443848)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>honduran military sources yesterday reported that several times in september, eps soldiers entered honduran territory and harassed the 6th infantry battalion observation post in el pital, cifuentes, el paraiso department.    the raids into honduran territory and the harassments occurred as follows:    1. on 19 august 1988, eps troops set up communications tracking equipment (radar) in loma fria, which was protected by missiles and antiaircraft machineguns.    2. on 21 august 1988, eps soldiers kidnapped honduran citizens rosalio mejia rodriguez and her son guillermo saul mejia herrera, who were taken to nicaraguan territory.    3. on 6 september 1988, an eps patrol entered honduran territory and harassed the 6th infantry battalion posts located in el pital, cifuentes. our troops responded to their fire and suffered no casualties.    4. on 9 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked with machinegun and mortar fire the 9th infantry brigade battalion post in cerro pelon, la lampara, quebrada del oro, and tapalchi, in poteca river, paraiso. during the attack, soldier jose mario chicas diaz was wounded.  our troops responded to the fire and reported no (further) casualties.    5. on 10 september 1988, eps troops continued attacking the same 9th infantry brigade battalion post with 50-mm machineguns; patrols were increased and personnel and weapons were deployed to the guapinol, comarca, paraisito, and comarca guanito sectors, near the poteca river.    6. on 14 september 1988, eps soldiers harassed with machinegun fire the 9th infantry brigade post located in el guineo and pueblo nuevo, cifuentes. no casualties were reported.    7. on 18 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked positions held by the 9th infantry battalion at la congolona on the poteca river with 82 - and 120-mm mortars, rpg-7's, and rifle fire. the fire was returned without any reported casualties.    8. on 19 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked, with mortars, rifle, and rpg-7's, positions held by the 6th infantry battalion in el pital, and also in aduena vieja, guasapo, and cifuentes. our troops returned the fire without any reported casualties.    9. on 20 september 1988, the eps freed hector rosales mejia rodriguez and his son guillermo saul mejia herrera, who had been kidnapped by eps troops on 21 august 1988.    10. on 24 september 1988, eps troops harassaed with rifle fire a 6th infantry battalion position in aduana vieja, cifuentes, without any reported casualties.    11. on 25 september 1988, eps troops harassed aduana cifuentes with rifle fire, without any reported casualties.    12. on 25 september 1988, eps troops shot a 120-mm mortar that fell 75 meters from casa de ladrillo in cifuentes.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(35, 40, ' 6th infantry battalion observation', 3.5728511810302734), (35, 38, ' 6th infantry', 2.8496456146240234), (35, 56, ' 6th infantry battalion observation post in el pital, cifuentes, el paraiso', 2.4452736377716064)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>honduran military sources yesterday reported that several times in september, eps soldiers entered honduran territory and harassed the 6th infantry battalion observation post in el pital, cifuentes, el paraiso department.    the raids into honduran territory and the harassments occurred as follows:    1. on 19 august 1988, eps troops set up communications tracking equipment (radar) in loma fria, which was protected by missiles and antiaircraft machineguns.    2. on 21 august 1988, eps soldiers kidnapped honduran citizens rosalio mejia rodriguez and her son guillermo saul mejia herrera, who were taken to nicaraguan territory.    3. on 6 september 1988, an eps patrol entered honduran territory and harassed the 6th infantry battalion posts located in el pital, cifuentes. our troops responded to their fire and suffered no casualties.    4. on 9 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked with machinegun and mortar fire the 9th infantry brigade battalion post in cerro pelon, la lampara, quebrada del oro, and tapalchi, in poteca river, paraiso. during the attack, soldier jose mario chicas diaz was wounded.  our troops responded to the fire and reported no (further) casualties.    5. on 10 september 1988, eps troops continued attacking the same 9th infantry brigade battalion post with 50-mm machineguns; patrols were increased and personnel and weapons were deployed to the guapinol, comarca, paraisito, and comarca guanito sectors, near the poteca river.    6. on 14 september 1988, eps soldiers harassed with machinegun fire the 9th infantry brigade post located in el guineo and pueblo nuevo, cifuentes. no casualties were reported.    7. on 18 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked positions held by the 9th infantry battalion at la congolona on the poteca river with 82 - and 120-mm mortars, rpg-7's, and rifle fire. the fire was returned without any reported casualties.    8. on 19 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked, with mortars, rifle, and rpg-7's, positions held by the 6th infantry battalion in el pital, and also in aduena vieja, guasapo, and cifuentes. our troops returned the fire without any reported casualties.    9. on 20 september 1988, the eps freed hector rosales mejia rodriguez and his son guillermo saul mejia herrera, who had been kidnapped by eps troops on 21 august 1988.    10. on 24 september 1988, eps troops harassaed with rifle fire a 6th infantry battalion position in aduana vieja, cifuentes, without any reported casualties.    11. on 25 september 1988, eps troops harassed aduana cifuentes with rifle fire, without any reported casualties.    12. on 25 september 1988, eps troops shot a 120-mm mortar that fell 75 meters from casa de ladrillo in cifuentes.</s>", 'start_gold': 535, 'end_gold': 554, 'gold': ' battalion in el pital, and also in aduena vieja, guasapo', 'candidates': [(588, 611, ' hector rosales mejia rodriguez and his son guillermo saul mejia her', 4.076578140258789), (588, 616, ' hector rosales mejia rodriguez and his son guillermo saul mejia herrera, who had been', 1.3278894424438477), (588, 598, ' hector rosales mejia rodrig', 1.0252057313919067)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>honduran military sources yesterday reported that several times in september, eps soldiers entered honduran territory and harassed the 6th infantry battalion observation post in el pital, cifuentes, el paraiso department.    the raids into honduran territory and the harassments occurred as follows:    1. on 19 august 1988, eps troops set up communications tracking equipment (radar) in loma fria, which was protected by missiles and antiaircraft machineguns.    2. on 21 august 1988, eps soldiers kidnapped honduran citizens rosalio mejia rodriguez and her son guillermo saul mejia herrera, who were taken to nicaraguan territory.    3. on 6 september 1988, an eps patrol entered honduran territory and harassed the 6th infantry battalion posts located in el pital, cifuentes. our troops responded to their fire and suffered no casualties.    4. on 9 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked with machinegun and mortar fire the 9th infantry brigade battalion post in cerro pelon, la lampara, quebrada del oro, and tapalchi, in poteca river, paraiso. during the attack, soldier jose mario chicas diaz was wounded.  our troops responded to the fire and reported no (further) casualties.    5. on 10 september 1988, eps troops continued attacking the same 9th infantry brigade battalion post with 50-mm machineguns; patrols were increased and personnel and weapons were deployed to the guapinol, comarca, paraisito, and comarca guanito sectors, near the poteca river.    6. on 14 september 1988, eps soldiers harassed with machinegun fire the 9th infantry brigade post located in el guineo and pueblo nuevo, cifuentes. no casualties were reported.    7. on 18 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked positions held by the 9th infantry battalion at la congolona on the poteca river with 82 - and 120-mm mortars, rpg-7's, and rifle fire. the fire was returned without any reported casualties.    8. on 19 september 1988, eps soldiers attacked, with mortars, rifle, and rpg-7's, positions held by the 6th infantry battalion in el pital, and also in aduena vieja, guasapo, and cifuentes. our troops returned the fire without any reported casualties.    9. on 20 september 1988, the eps freed hector rosales mejia rodriguez and his son guillermo saul mejia herrera, who had been kidnapped by eps troops on 21 august 1988.    10. on 24 september 1988, eps troops harassaed with rifle fire a 6th infantry battalion position in aduana vieja, cifuentes, without any reported casualties.    11. on 25 september 1988, eps troops harassed aduana cifuentes with rifle fire, without any reported casualties.    12. on 25 september 1988, eps troops shot a 120-mm mortar that fell 75 meters from casa de ladrillo in cifuentes.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(454, 457, ' 9th infantry', 1.256524920463562), (454, 468, ' 9th infantry battalion at la congolona on the poteca', -2.9644927978515625), (454, 463, ' 9th infantry battalion at la congol', -3.0024056434631348)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the leftist national liberation army (eln) kidnapped two soldiers in northern colombia in the past few hours. this brings to 24 the number of military men held by rebels.    according to 2d brigade commander general juan salcedo lora, the soldiers are artillery battalion members and were kidnapped while working on a highway in poponte, in the northern cesar department.    meanwhile, an officer and four policemen are expected to be released in the next few hours. the farc kidnapped these men 6 weeks ago when the rebels attacked minca in the sierra nevada de santa marta area.    an official committee, formed by government officials from the national rehabilitation plan and the attorney general\'s office and members of the "democratic coexistence commission"--a multiparty organization that searches for political solutions to colombia\'s problems--was contacting the rebels today to work out the final details of the five military men\'s release.    the remaining 17 policemen--taken by the rebels during an attack on northern san pablo municipality on 5 october--are still held by the rebels. talks for their release have not moved forward because the army refuses to accept third parties as mediators.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(66, 68, ' artillery battalion', 4.9779157638549805), (66, 71, ' artillery battalion members and were', 0.7252072095870972), (66, 76, ' artillery battalion members and were kidnapped while working on a', -0.753530740737915)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the leftist national liberation army (eln) kidnapped two soldiers in northern colombia in the past few hours. this brings to 24 the number of military men held by rebels.    according to 2d brigade commander general juan salcedo lora, the soldiers are artillery battalion members and were kidnapped while working on a highway in poponte, in the northern cesar department.    meanwhile, an officer and four policemen are expected to be released in the next few hours. the farc kidnapped these men 6 weeks ago when the rebels attacked minca in the sierra nevada de santa marta area.    an official committee, formed by government officials from the national rehabilitation plan and the attorney general\'s office and members of the "democratic coexistence commission"--a multiparty organization that searches for political solutions to colombia\'s problems--was contacting the rebels today to work out the final details of the five military men\'s release.    the remaining 17 policemen--taken by the rebels during an attack on northern san pablo municipality on 5 october--are still held by the rebels. talks for their release have not moved forward because the army refuses to accept third parties as mediators.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(147, 169, ' government officials from the national rehabilitation plan and the attorney general\'s office and members of the "democratic coexistence commission', 5.475571632385254), (147, 159, " government officials from the national rehabilitation plan and the attorney general's", 4.731561183929443), (147, 168, ' government officials from the national rehabilitation plan and the attorney general\'s office and members of the "democratic coexistence', 4.527225494384766)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the leftist national liberation army (eln) kidnapped two soldiers in northern colombia in the past few hours. this brings to 24 the number of military men held by rebels.    according to 2d brigade commander general juan salcedo lora, the soldiers are artillery battalion members and were kidnapped while working on a highway in poponte, in the northern cesar department.    meanwhile, an officer and four policemen are expected to be released in the next few hours. the farc kidnapped these men 6 weeks ago when the rebels attacked minca in the sierra nevada de santa marta area.    an official committee, formed by government officials from the national rehabilitation plan and the attorney general\'s office and members of the "democratic coexistence commission"--a multiparty organization that searches for political solutions to colombia\'s problems--was contacting the rebels today to work out the final details of the five military men\'s release.    the remaining 17 policemen--taken by the rebels during an attack on northern san pablo municipality on 5 october--are still held by the rebels. talks for their release have not moved forward because the army refuses to accept third parties as mediators.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(222, 226, ' northern san pablo', 2.248180866241455), (222, 230, ' northern san pablo municipality on 5 oct', -0.6871863603591919), (222, 237, ' northern san pablo municipality on 5 october--are still held by the', -0.7548006772994995)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the leftist national liberation army (eln) kidnapped two soldiers in northern colombia in the past few hours. this brings to 24 the number of military men held by rebels.    according to 2d brigade commander general juan salcedo lora, the soldiers are artillery battalion members and were kidnapped while working on a highway in poponte, in the northern cesar department.    meanwhile, an officer and four policemen are expected to be released in the next few hours. the farc kidnapped these men 6 weeks ago when the rebels attacked minca in the sierra nevada de santa marta area.    an official committee, formed by government officials from the national rehabilitation plan and the attorney general\'s office and members of the "democratic coexistence commission"--a multiparty organization that searches for political solutions to colombia\'s problems--was contacting the rebels today to work out the final details of the five military men\'s release.    the remaining 17 policemen--taken by the rebels during an attack on northern san pablo municipality on 5 october--are still held by the rebels. talks for their release have not moved forward because the army refuses to accept third parties as mediators.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(18, 19, ' two', 3.845442056655884), (18, 24, ' two soldiers in northern colomb', 1.2688078880310059), (18, 29, ' two soldiers in northern colombia in the past few', 0.6106340885162354)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the leftist national liberation army (eln) kidnapped two soldiers in northern colombia in the past few hours. this brings to 24 the number of military men held by rebels.    according to 2d brigade commander general juan salcedo lora, the soldiers are artillery battalion members and were kidnapped while working on a highway in poponte, in the northern cesar department.    meanwhile, an officer and four policemen are expected to be released in the next few hours. the farc kidnapped these men 6 weeks ago when the rebels attacked minca in the sierra nevada de santa marta area.    an official committee, formed by government officials from the national rehabilitation plan and the attorney general\'s office and members of the "democratic coexistence commission"--a multiparty organization that searches for political solutions to colombia\'s problems--was contacting the rebels today to work out the final details of the five military men\'s release.    the remaining 17 policemen--taken by the rebels during an attack on northern san pablo municipality on 5 october--are still held by the rebels. talks for their release have not moved forward because the army refuses to accept third parties as mediators.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(65, 67, ' artillery battalion', 15.243667602539062), (65, 66, ' artillery', 10.312666893005371), (65, 65, '', 8.91093635559082)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>attention: the manuel jose arce urban command has brilliantly sabotaged a commercial building belonging to the bourgeoisie in the escalon neighborhood, causing heavy economic losses to the idle class. at least 37 businesses were destroyed.    the same urban command carried out other sabotage at the (name indistinct) parking lot--specifically, in the pink zone, or actually in what should be called the red zone. other sabotage took place at the lancer motel near apopa.    in a communique, the manuel jose arce urban command states that on 15 september, a lengthy organizational process to create a new political-military group--in which 25 delegations representing neighborhood commands participated--ended with the establishment of the manuel jose arce urban command.    the communique warns the army high command, its officers, christian democratic and arena (nationalist republican alliance) officials, and u.s. advisers that the manuel jose arce urban command is a weapon that will be used against them wherever they may be--at home, work, and at recreation and corruption centers. in addition, their property has been declared permament military targets until they stop the bloodshed against the people. (passage omitted)    in the past few hours, the fmln\'s pedro pablo castillo urban command executed an air force officer as part of the "murder the criminals" operation against repression, the massacre in san vicente, and the persecution of the university community.    the execution of an air force pilot officer was carried out in san salvador\'s las brisas neighborhood. we can imagine the happiness of our people upon hearing the news that one of the criminals among criminals--that is, one of the pilots who have bombed villages and cantons throughout our fatherland--was killed as a result of revolutionary justice. from now on, bombs will not only explode in the villages of chalatenango, cabanas, usulutan, morazan, and northern san miguel; more powerful bombs will now explode more frequently in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods, that is, in the neighborhoods of the rich, in their recreation centers, mansions, and wherever else they may go.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(364, 366, ' criminals among', 0.19223789870738983), (364, 385, ' criminals among criminals--that is, one of the pilots who have bombed villages and cantons throughout our father', -2.1434435844421387), (364, 374, ' criminals among criminals--that is, one of the', -2.2044248580932617)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>attention: the manuel jose arce urban command has brilliantly sabotaged a commercial building belonging to the bourgeoisie in the escalon neighborhood, causing heavy economic losses to the idle class. at least 37 businesses were destroyed.    the same urban command carried out other sabotage at the (name indistinct) parking lot--specifically, in the pink zone, or actually in what should be called the red zone. other sabotage took place at the lancer motel near apopa.    in a communique, the manuel jose arce urban command states that on 15 september, a lengthy organizational process to create a new political-military group--in which 25 delegations representing neighborhood commands participated--ended with the establishment of the manuel jose arce urban command.    the communique warns the army high command, its officers, christian democratic and arena (nationalist republican alliance) officials, and u.s. advisers that the manuel jose arce urban command is a weapon that will be used against them wherever they may be--at home, work, and at recreation and corruption centers. in addition, their property has been declared permament military targets until they stop the bloodshed against the people. (passage omitted)    in the past few hours, the fmln\'s pedro pablo castillo urban command executed an air force officer as part of the "murder the criminals" operation against repression, the massacre in san vicente, and the persecution of the university community.    the execution of an air force pilot officer was carried out in san salvador\'s las brisas neighborhood. we can imagine the happiness of our people upon hearing the news that one of the criminals among criminals--that is, one of the pilots who have bombed villages and cantons throughout our fatherland--was killed as a result of revolutionary justice. from now on, bombs will not only explode in the villages of chalatenango, cabanas, usulutan, morazan, and northern san miguel; more powerful bombs will now explode more frequently in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods, that is, in the neighborhoods of the rich, in their recreation centers, mansions, and wherever else they may go.</s>', 'start_gold': 24, 'end_gold': 42, 'gold': ' sabotaged a commercial building belonging to the bourgeoisie in the escalon neighborhood, causing heavy economic', 'candidates': [(148, 153, ' 25 delegations representing neighborhood', 6.192336082458496), (148, 154, ' 25 delegations representing neighborhood commands', 4.645408630371094), (148, 150, ' 25 deleg', 2.79653000831604)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>attention: the manuel jose arce urban command has brilliantly sabotaged a commercial building belonging to the bourgeoisie in the escalon neighborhood, causing heavy economic losses to the idle class. at least 37 businesses were destroyed.    the same urban command carried out other sabotage at the (name indistinct) parking lot--specifically, in the pink zone, or actually in what should be called the red zone. other sabotage took place at the lancer motel near apopa.    in a communique, the manuel jose arce urban command states that on 15 september, a lengthy organizational process to create a new political-military group--in which 25 delegations representing neighborhood commands participated--ended with the establishment of the manuel jose arce urban command.    the communique warns the army high command, its officers, christian democratic and arena (nationalist republican alliance) officials, and u.s. advisers that the manuel jose arce urban command is a weapon that will be used against them wherever they may be--at home, work, and at recreation and corruption centers. in addition, their property has been declared permament military targets until they stop the bloodshed against the people. (passage omitted)    in the past few hours, the fmln\'s pedro pablo castillo urban command executed an air force officer as part of the "murder the criminals" operation against repression, the massacre in san vicente, and the persecution of the university community.    the execution of an air force pilot officer was carried out in san salvador\'s las brisas neighborhood. we can imagine the happiness of our people upon hearing the news that one of the criminals among criminals--that is, one of the pilots who have bombed villages and cantons throughout our fatherland--was killed as a result of revolutionary justice. from now on, bombs will not only explode in the villages of chalatenango, cabanas, usulutan, morazan, and northern san miguel; more powerful bombs will now explode more frequently in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods, that is, in the neighborhoods of the rich, in their recreation centers, mansions, and wherever else they may go.</s>', 'start_gold': 82, 'end_gold': 94, 'gold': ', or actually in what should be called the red zone.', 'candidates': [(243, 251, ' their property has been declared permament military', 3.338642120361328), (243, 259, ' their property has been declared permament military targets until they stop the bloodshed against the', 1.8454169034957886), (243, 244, ' their', 0.9764947891235352)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>attention: the manuel jose arce urban command has brilliantly sabotaged a commercial building belonging to the bourgeoisie in the escalon neighborhood, causing heavy economic losses to the idle class. at least 37 businesses were destroyed.    the same urban command carried out other sabotage at the (name indistinct) parking lot--specifically, in the pink zone, or actually in what should be called the red zone. other sabotage took place at the lancer motel near apopa.    in a communique, the manuel jose arce urban command states that on 15 september, a lengthy organizational process to create a new political-military group--in which 25 delegations representing neighborhood commands participated--ended with the establishment of the manuel jose arce urban command.    the communique warns the army high command, its officers, christian democratic and arena (nationalist republican alliance) officials, and u.s. advisers that the manuel jose arce urban command is a weapon that will be used against them wherever they may be--at home, work, and at recreation and corruption centers. in addition, their property has been declared permament military targets until they stop the bloodshed against the people. (passage omitted)    in the past few hours, the fmln\'s pedro pablo castillo urban command executed an air force officer as part of the "murder the criminals" operation against repression, the massacre in san vicente, and the persecution of the university community.    the execution of an air force pilot officer was carried out in san salvador\'s las brisas neighborhood. we can imagine the happiness of our people upon hearing the news that one of the criminals among criminals--that is, one of the pilots who have bombed villages and cantons throughout our fatherland--was killed as a result of revolutionary justice. from now on, bombs will not only explode in the villages of chalatenango, cabanas, usulutan, morazan, and northern san miguel; more powerful bombs will now explode more frequently in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods, that is, in the neighborhoods of the rich, in their recreation centers, mansions, and wherever else they may go.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(49, 52, ' 37 businesses were', -3.971464157104492), (49, 53, ' 37 businesses were destroyed', -6.0798234939575195), (49, 49, '', -6.376471996307373)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>attention: the manuel jose arce urban command has brilliantly sabotaged a commercial building belonging to the bourgeoisie in the escalon neighborhood, causing heavy economic losses to the idle class. at least 37 businesses were destroyed.    the same urban command carried out other sabotage at the (name indistinct) parking lot--specifically, in the pink zone, or actually in what should be called the red zone. other sabotage took place at the lancer motel near apopa.    in a communique, the manuel jose arce urban command states that on 15 september, a lengthy organizational process to create a new political-military group--in which 25 delegations representing neighborhood commands participated--ended with the establishment of the manuel jose arce urban command.    the communique warns the army high command, its officers, christian democratic and arena (nationalist republican alliance) officials, and u.s. advisers that the manuel jose arce urban command is a weapon that will be used against them wherever they may be--at home, work, and at recreation and corruption centers. in addition, their property has been declared permament military targets until they stop the bloodshed against the people. (passage omitted)    in the past few hours, the fmln\'s pedro pablo castillo urban command executed an air force officer as part of the "murder the criminals" operation against repression, the massacre in san vicente, and the persecution of the university community.    the execution of an air force pilot officer was carried out in san salvador\'s las brisas neighborhood. we can imagine the happiness of our people upon hearing the news that one of the criminals among criminals--that is, one of the pilots who have bombed villages and cantons throughout our fatherland--was killed as a result of revolutionary justice. from now on, bombs will not only explode in the villages of chalatenango, cabanas, usulutan, morazan, and northern san miguel; more powerful bombs will now explode more frequently in the escalon and san benito neighborhoods, that is, in the neighborhoods of the rich, in their recreation centers, mansions, and wherever else they may go.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(177, 203, ' the army high command, its officers, christian democratic and arena (nationalist republican alliance) officials, and u.s.', 8.541013717651367), (177, 180, ' the army high', 8.152214050292969), (177, 183, ' the army high command, its', 5.6115593910217285)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>huancayo -- two army members were killed and two others were taken hostage by a group of terrorists who this morning intercepted two buses on the marginal highway, 30 km west of satipo and 280 km northeast of huancayo.    approximately 30 heavily armed terrorists, including 6 women, blocked the highway with stones and tree trunks at 0600 to intercept a bus owned by the lobato co., another bus owned by the los andes co., and two trucks loaded with fruit and lumber. the vehicles were traveling from satipo to huancayo.    the terrorists made the passengers get off the buses and then examined their identification cards. four of the passengers, who turned out to be army members dressed in civilian clothes, were separated from the group.    two of those identified as soldiers were killed immediately, while the other two, apparently army officers, were taken as hostages toward atalaya, in a montainous region. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(30, 30, '', 4.642851829528809), (30, 36, ' terrorists who this morning intercepted two', -0.6518843173980713), (30, 58, ' terrorists who this morning intercepted two buses on the marginal highway, 30 km west of satipo and 280 km northeast of huancay', -0.9412903785705566)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>huancayo -- two army members were killed and two others were taken hostage by a group of terrorists who this morning intercepted two buses on the marginal highway, 30 km west of satipo and 280 km northeast of huancayo.    approximately 30 heavily armed terrorists, including 6 women, blocked the highway with stones and tree trunks at 0600 to intercept a bus owned by the lobato co., another bus owned by the los andes co., and two trucks loaded with fruit and lumber. the vehicles were traveling from satipo to huancayo.    the terrorists made the passengers get off the buses and then examined their identification cards. four of the passengers, who turned out to be army members dressed in civilian clothes, were separated from the group.    two of those identified as soldiers were killed immediately, while the other two, apparently army officers, were taken as hostages toward atalaya, in a montainous region. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(30, 30, '', 5.371175765991211), (30, 58, ' terrorists who this morning intercepted two buses on the marginal highway, 30 km west of satipo and 280 km northeast of huancay', -0.2931802272796631), (30, 36, ' terrorists who this morning intercepted two', -0.43816471099853516)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>huancayo -- two army members were killed and two others were taken hostage by a group of terrorists who this morning intercepted two buses on the marginal highway, 30 km west of satipo and 280 km northeast of huancayo.    approximately 30 heavily armed terrorists, including 6 women, blocked the highway with stones and tree trunks at 0600 to intercept a bus owned by the lobato co., another bus owned by the los andes co., and two trucks loaded with fruit and lumber. the vehicles were traveling from satipo to huancayo.    the terrorists made the passengers get off the buses and then examined their identification cards. four of the passengers, who turned out to be army members dressed in civilian clothes, were separated from the group.    two of those identified as soldiers were killed immediately, while the other two, apparently army officers, were taken as hostages toward atalaya, in a montainous region. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(86, 104, ' a bus owned by the lobato co., another bus owned by the los andes co', -3.749567747116089), (86, 112, ' a bus owned by the lobato co., another bus owned by the los andes co., and two trucks loaded with fruit and', -4.446557521820068), (86, 113, ' a bus owned by the lobato co., another bus owned by the los andes co., and two trucks loaded with fruit and lumber', -5.020346641540527)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>huancayo -- two army members were killed and two others were taken hostage by a group of terrorists who this morning intercepted two buses on the marginal highway, 30 km west of satipo and 280 km northeast of huancayo.    approximately 30 heavily armed terrorists, including 6 women, blocked the highway with stones and tree trunks at 0600 to intercept a bus owned by the lobato co., another bus owned by the los andes co., and two trucks loaded with fruit and lumber. the vehicles were traveling from satipo to huancayo.    the terrorists made the passengers get off the buses and then examined their identification cards. four of the passengers, who turned out to be army members dressed in civilian clothes, were separated from the group.    two of those identified as soldiers were killed immediately, while the other two, apparently army officers, were taken as hostages toward atalaya, in a montainous region. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(14, 16, ' two army', 11.825193405151367), (14, 24, ' two army members were killed and two others were taken', 9.53462028503418), (14, 18, ' two army members were', 8.316059112548828)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>huancayo -- two army members were killed and two others were taken hostage by a group of terrorists who this morning intercepted two buses on the marginal highway, 30 km west of satipo and 280 km northeast of huancayo.    approximately 30 heavily armed terrorists, including 6 women, blocked the highway with stones and tree trunks at 0600 to intercept a bus owned by the lobato co., another bus owned by the los andes co., and two trucks loaded with fruit and lumber. the vehicles were traveling from satipo to huancayo.    the terrorists made the passengers get off the buses and then examined their identification cards. four of the passengers, who turned out to be army members dressed in civilian clothes, were separated from the group.    two of those identified as soldiers were killed immediately, while the other two, apparently army officers, were taken as hostages toward atalaya, in a montainous region. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(29, 29, '', 6.659239768981934), (29, 58, ' terrorists who this morning intercepted two buses on the marginal highway, 30 km west of satipo and 280 km northeast of huancayo', -0.21892786026000977), (66, 66, '', 6.074901580810547)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>according to military sources, a bloody guerrrilla offensive today left 35 guerrillas and 5 soldiers dead, 6 civilians wounded, and 5 bridges partially destroyed.    the outbreak of the violence coincided with the reply from all the rebel groups to an official peace plan and with the confirmation by the labor federations that they will hold a general strike on thursday despite government efforts to prevent it.    the so-called national guerrilla coordinating board (cng) proposed to president virgilio barco the holding of a summit between the rebel leaders and the government, defense, and energy and mines ministers at a place and date to be agreed upon.    the document proposed that the mediator of the dialogue be the democratic coexistence commission (comision de convivencia democratica), headed by msgr dario castrillon, president of the latin american bishops conference. the document is viewed as the cng's official reply to the government's peace plan.    guerrillas of the farc and the popular liberation army (epl) attacked four towns in northern colombia, leaving 17 guerrillas and 2 soldiers dead and 3 bridges partially destroyed.    the defense ministry reported that farc guerrillas ambushed a military convoy in huila department, killing three soldiers. it also reported that three rebels were killed in clashes in southern colombia.    it added that nine guerrillas of the army of national liberation were killed in clashes with troops of the 4th infantry brigade on the border of antioquia and choco departments and that six farc rebels were killed in caqueta department.    suspected guerrillas dynamited at dusk a bridge in bogota's urban center, injuring six people. the bridge did not sustain major damage. another bridge was blown up in santander department.    military sources said these were rebel actions in support of the strike and they charged that workers, peasants, and bus drivers are being threatened to force them to join the strike.    president virgilio barco headed a meeting of the national security council to adopt measures to prevent disorders during the planned strike and to guarantee public transportation for the people.    the government and the workers yesterday broke off their talks after being unable to reach agreement on an increase of the minimum wage and on a freeze in the prices of staples.    the strike, called by the united workers confederation and the general confederation of labor, will protest the fact that the government has not replied to labor demands they presented in may.</s>", 'start_gold': 84, 'end_gold': 98, 'gold': ' despite government efforts to prevent it.    the so-called', 'candidates': [(513, 523, ' united workers confederation and the general confederation of', 5.5952959060668945), (513, 519, ' united workers confederation and the', 3.9211626052856445), (513, 531, ' united workers confederation and the general confederation of labor, will protest the fact that the', 3.5860276222229004)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>according to military sources, a bloody guerrrilla offensive today left 35 guerrillas and 5 soldiers dead, 6 civilians wounded, and 5 bridges partially destroyed.    the outbreak of the violence coincided with the reply from all the rebel groups to an official peace plan and with the confirmation by the labor federations that they will hold a general strike on thursday despite government efforts to prevent it.    the so-called national guerrilla coordinating board (cng) proposed to president virgilio barco the holding of a summit between the rebel leaders and the government, defense, and energy and mines ministers at a place and date to be agreed upon.    the document proposed that the mediator of the dialogue be the democratic coexistence commission (comision de convivencia democratica), headed by msgr dario castrillon, president of the latin american bishops conference. the document is viewed as the cng's official reply to the government's peace plan.    guerrillas of the farc and the popular liberation army (epl) attacked four towns in northern colombia, leaving 17 guerrillas and 2 soldiers dead and 3 bridges partially destroyed.    the defense ministry reported that farc guerrillas ambushed a military convoy in huila department, killing three soldiers. it also reported that three rebels were killed in clashes in southern colombia.    it added that nine guerrillas of the army of national liberation were killed in clashes with troops of the 4th infantry brigade on the border of antioquia and choco departments and that six farc rebels were killed in caqueta department.    suspected guerrillas dynamited at dusk a bridge in bogota's urban center, injuring six people. the bridge did not sustain major damage. another bridge was blown up in santander department.    military sources said these were rebel actions in support of the strike and they charged that workers, peasants, and bus drivers are being threatened to force them to join the strike.    president virgilio barco headed a meeting of the national security council to adopt measures to prevent disorders during the planned strike and to guarantee public transportation for the people.    the government and the workers yesterday broke off their talks after being unable to reach agreement on an increase of the minimum wage and on a freeze in the prices of staples.    the strike, called by the united workers confederation and the general confederation of labor, will protest the fact that the government has not replied to labor demands they presented in may.</s>", 'start_gold': 224, 'end_gold': 237, 'gold': ' liberation army (epl) attacked four towns in northern colomb', 'candidates': [(513, 523, ' united workers confederation and the general confederation of', 6.362972259521484), (513, 524, ' united workers confederation and the general confederation of labor', 4.138369560241699), (513, 531, ' united workers confederation and the general confederation of labor, will protest the fact that the', 4.020076751708984)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>according to military sources, a bloody guerrrilla offensive today left 35 guerrillas and 5 soldiers dead, 6 civilians wounded, and 5 bridges partially destroyed.    the outbreak of the violence coincided with the reply from all the rebel groups to an official peace plan and with the confirmation by the labor federations that they will hold a general strike on thursday despite government efforts to prevent it.    the so-called national guerrilla coordinating board (cng) proposed to president virgilio barco the holding of a summit between the rebel leaders and the government, defense, and energy and mines ministers at a place and date to be agreed upon.    the document proposed that the mediator of the dialogue be the democratic coexistence commission (comision de convivencia democratica), headed by msgr dario castrillon, president of the latin american bishops conference. the document is viewed as the cng's official reply to the government's peace plan.    guerrillas of the farc and the popular liberation army (epl) attacked four towns in northern colombia, leaving 17 guerrillas and 2 soldiers dead and 3 bridges partially destroyed.    the defense ministry reported that farc guerrillas ambushed a military convoy in huila department, killing three soldiers. it also reported that three rebels were killed in clashes in southern colombia.    it added that nine guerrillas of the army of national liberation were killed in clashes with troops of the 4th infantry brigade on the border of antioquia and choco departments and that six farc rebels were killed in caqueta department.    suspected guerrillas dynamited at dusk a bridge in bogota's urban center, injuring six people. the bridge did not sustain major damage. another bridge was blown up in santander department.    military sources said these were rebel actions in support of the strike and they charged that workers, peasants, and bus drivers are being threatened to force them to join the strike.    president virgilio barco headed a meeting of the national security council to adopt measures to prevent disorders during the planned strike and to guarantee public transportation for the people.    the government and the workers yesterday broke off their talks after being unable to reach agreement on an increase of the minimum wage and on a freeze in the prices of staples.    the strike, called by the united workers confederation and the general confederation of labor, will protest the fact that the government has not replied to labor demands they presented in may.</s>", 'start_gold': 142, 'end_gold': 154, 'gold': '.    the document proposed that the mediator of', 'candidates': [(519, 522, ' confederation of', 0.25181132555007935), (519, 530, ' confederation of labor, will protest the fact that the', -2.423370599746704), (519, 523, ' confederation of labor', -2.6231629848480225)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>according to military sources, a bloody guerrrilla offensive today left 35 guerrillas and 5 soldiers dead, 6 civilians wounded, and 5 bridges partially destroyed.    the outbreak of the violence coincided with the reply from all the rebel groups to an official peace plan and with the confirmation by the labor federations that they will hold a general strike on thursday despite government efforts to prevent it.    the so-called national guerrilla coordinating board (cng) proposed to president virgilio barco the holding of a summit between the rebel leaders and the government, defense, and energy and mines ministers at a place and date to be agreed upon.    the document proposed that the mediator of the dialogue be the democratic coexistence commission (comision de convivencia democratica), headed by msgr dario castrillon, president of the latin american bishops conference. the document is viewed as the cng's official reply to the government's peace plan.    guerrillas of the farc and the popular liberation army (epl) attacked four towns in northern colombia, leaving 17 guerrillas and 2 soldiers dead and 3 bridges partially destroyed.    the defense ministry reported that farc guerrillas ambushed a military convoy in huila department, killing three soldiers. it also reported that three rebels were killed in clashes in southern colombia.    it added that nine guerrillas of the army of national liberation were killed in clashes with troops of the 4th infantry brigade on the border of antioquia and choco departments and that six farc rebels were killed in caqueta department.    suspected guerrillas dynamited at dusk a bridge in bogota's urban center, injuring six people. the bridge did not sustain major damage. another bridge was blown up in santander department.    military sources said these were rebel actions in support of the strike and they charged that workers, peasants, and bus drivers are being threatened to force them to join the strike.    president virgilio barco headed a meeting of the national security council to adopt measures to prevent disorders during the planned strike and to guarantee public transportation for the people.    the government and the workers yesterday broke off their talks after being unable to reach agreement on an increase of the minimum wage and on a freeze in the prices of staples.    the strike, called by the united workers confederation and the general confederation of labor, will protest the fact that the government has not replied to labor demands they presented in may.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(23, 30, ' 35 guerrillas and 5 soldiers', 4.959881782531738), (23, 29, ' 35 guerrillas and 5', 4.240536689758301), (23, 40, ' 35 guerrillas and 5 soldiers dead, 6 civilians wounded, and 5 bridges partially', 3.3035197257995605)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>according to military sources, a bloody guerrrilla offensive today left 35 guerrillas and 5 soldiers dead, 6 civilians wounded, and 5 bridges partially destroyed.    the outbreak of the violence coincided with the reply from all the rebel groups to an official peace plan and with the confirmation by the labor federations that they will hold a general strike on thursday despite government efforts to prevent it.    the so-called national guerrilla coordinating board (cng) proposed to president virgilio barco the holding of a summit between the rebel leaders and the government, defense, and energy and mines ministers at a place and date to be agreed upon.    the document proposed that the mediator of the dialogue be the democratic coexistence commission (comision de convivencia democratica), headed by msgr dario castrillon, president of the latin american bishops conference. the document is viewed as the cng's official reply to the government's peace plan.    guerrillas of the farc and the popular liberation army (epl) attacked four towns in northern colombia, leaving 17 guerrillas and 2 soldiers dead and 3 bridges partially destroyed.    the defense ministry reported that farc guerrillas ambushed a military convoy in huila department, killing three soldiers. it also reported that three rebels were killed in clashes in southern colombia.    it added that nine guerrillas of the army of national liberation were killed in clashes with troops of the 4th infantry brigade on the border of antioquia and choco departments and that six farc rebels were killed in caqueta department.    suspected guerrillas dynamited at dusk a bridge in bogota's urban center, injuring six people. the bridge did not sustain major damage. another bridge was blown up in santander department.    military sources said these were rebel actions in support of the strike and they charged that workers, peasants, and bus drivers are being threatened to force them to join the strike.    president virgilio barco headed a meeting of the national security council to adopt measures to prevent disorders during the planned strike and to guarantee public transportation for the people.    the government and the workers yesterday broke off their talks after being unable to reach agreement on an increase of the minimum wage and on a freeze in the prices of staples.    the strike, called by the united workers confederation and the general confederation of labor, will protest the fact that the government has not replied to labor demands they presented in may.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(519, 522, ' confederation of', 2.8133788108825684), (519, 530, ' confederation of labor, will protest the fact that the', 0.3999577760696411), (519, 523, ' confederation of labor', 0.12599897384643555)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>we are facing an escalation of violence caused by the fmln, which shows its military weakness more than anything else. the fmln is supposedly attacking military targets, but neither a jail nor a shopping mall is a military target. commercial areas or amusement places are not military targets. car bombs went off in such places lately. they went off at a chain of (words indistinct) and at a shopping mall. the fmln's strategy is simply to increase its terrorist actions.    for that reason, it is regrettable that the salvadoran government describes the fmln as a group in arms, because they are merely terrorist criminals. (passage omitted)    there is political weakness, because the armed forces are not given clear missions. we see the actions of the armed forces and the security corps are frustrated, because they spend time, effort, and men capturing terrorists while the government subsequently releases them for humanitarian reasons.    i believe the government must apply the laws more forcefully and stop deceiving the population with words such as democratization and with its great political demagogy. (end recording)    finally, ochoa perez criticized the meeting costa rican president oscar arias will hold with representatives of the fmln general command today. he said oscar arias is not the right person to deal with salvadoran internal affairs.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(140, 141, ' terrorist', 13.934310913085938), (140, 142, ' terrorist criminals', 8.981758117675781), (140, 165, ' terrorist criminals. (passage omitted)    there is political weakness, because the armed forces are not given clear missions', 8.98172378540039)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>we are facing an escalation of violence caused by the fmln, which shows its military weakness more than anything else. the fmln is supposedly attacking military targets, but neither a jail nor a shopping mall is a military target. commercial areas or amusement places are not military targets. car bombs went off in such places lately. they went off at a chain of (words indistinct) and at a shopping mall. the fmln's strategy is simply to increase its terrorist actions.    for that reason, it is regrettable that the salvadoran government describes the fmln as a group in arms, because they are merely terrorist criminals. (passage omitted)    there is political weakness, because the armed forces are not given clear missions. we see the actions of the armed forces and the security corps are frustrated, because they spend time, effort, and men capturing terrorists while the government subsequently releases them for humanitarian reasons.    i believe the government must apply the laws more forcefully and stop deceiving the population with words such as democratization and with its great political demagogy. (end recording)    finally, ochoa perez criticized the meeting costa rican president oscar arias will hold with representatives of the fmln general command today. he said oscar arias is not the right person to deal with salvadoran internal affairs.</s>", 'start_gold': 63, 'end_gold': 76, 'gold': ' not military targets. car bombs went off in such places lately.', 'candidates': [(140, 141, ' terrorist', 13.140613555908203), (140, 140, '', 8.112384796142578), (140, 142, ' terrorist criminals', 8.059261322021484)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>we are facing an escalation of violence caused by the fmln, which shows its military weakness more than anything else. the fmln is supposedly attacking military targets, but neither a jail nor a shopping mall is a military target. commercial areas or amusement places are not military targets. car bombs went off in such places lately. they went off at a chain of (words indistinct) and at a shopping mall. the fmln's strategy is simply to increase its terrorist actions.    for that reason, it is regrettable that the salvadoran government describes the fmln as a group in arms, because they are merely terrorist criminals. (passage omitted)    there is political weakness, because the armed forces are not given clear missions. we see the actions of the armed forces and the security corps are frustrated, because they spend time, effort, and men capturing terrorists while the government subsequently releases them for humanitarian reasons.    i believe the government must apply the laws more forcefully and stop deceiving the population with words such as democratization and with its great political demagogy. (end recording)    finally, ochoa perez criticized the meeting costa rican president oscar arias will hold with representatives of the fmln general command today. he said oscar arias is not the right person to deal with salvadoran internal affairs.</s>", 'start_gold': 203, 'end_gold': 216, 'gold': '  i believe the government must apply the laws more forcefully and stop', 'candidates': [(44, 54, ' neither a jail nor a shopping mall is a military', 8.804426193237305), (44, 64, ' neither a jail nor a shopping mall is a military target. commercial areas or amusement places are not military', 7.880370140075684), (44, 50, ' neither a jail nor a shopping', 7.713141918182373)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>we are facing an escalation of violence caused by the fmln, which shows its military weakness more than anything else. the fmln is supposedly attacking military targets, but neither a jail nor a shopping mall is a military target. commercial areas or amusement places are not military targets. car bombs went off in such places lately. they went off at a chain of (words indistinct) and at a shopping mall. the fmln's strategy is simply to increase its terrorist actions.    for that reason, it is regrettable that the salvadoran government describes the fmln as a group in arms, because they are merely terrorist criminals. (passage omitted)    there is political weakness, because the armed forces are not given clear missions. we see the actions of the armed forces and the security corps are frustrated, because they spend time, effort, and men capturing terrorists while the government subsequently releases them for humanitarian reasons.    i believe the government must apply the laws more forcefully and stop deceiving the population with words such as democratization and with its great political demagogy. (end recording)    finally, ochoa perez criticized the meeting costa rican president oscar arias will hold with representatives of the fmln general command today. he said oscar arias is not the right person to deal with salvadoran internal affairs.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(139, 140, ' terrorist', -1.9160528182983398), (139, 139, '', -5.455887317657471), (139, 141, ' terrorist criminals', -5.618145942687988)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>we are facing an escalation of violence caused by the fmln, which shows its military weakness more than anything else. the fmln is supposedly attacking military targets, but neither a jail nor a shopping mall is a military target. commercial areas or amusement places are not military targets. car bombs went off in such places lately. they went off at a chain of (words indistinct) and at a shopping mall. the fmln's strategy is simply to increase its terrorist actions.    for that reason, it is regrettable that the salvadoran government describes the fmln as a group in arms, because they are merely terrorist criminals. (passage omitted)    there is political weakness, because the armed forces are not given clear missions. we see the actions of the armed forces and the security corps are frustrated, because they spend time, effort, and men capturing terrorists while the government subsequently releases them for humanitarian reasons.    i believe the government must apply the laws more forcefully and stop deceiving the population with words such as democratization and with its great political demagogy. (end recording)    finally, ochoa perez criticized the meeting costa rican president oscar arias will hold with representatives of the fmln general command today. he said oscar arias is not the right person to deal with salvadoran internal affairs.</s>", 'start_gold': 302, 'end_gold': 314, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(139, 140, ' terrorist', 10.093481063842773), (139, 141, ' terrorist criminals', 5.2464399337768555), (139, 164, ' terrorist criminals. (passage omitted)    there is political weakness, because the armed forces are not given clear missions', 5.246425628662109)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) will develop a new form of struggle called the "national patriotic war," "which will start at any moment."    this information was disclosed yesterday to el mercurio by fpmr spokesman victor diaz caro, who said that the truce during the plebiscite was to prepare the phase they are now starting.    he also confirmed the statement in brussels this week by fpmr international spokesman marcelo reyes.    diaz caro, who has confessed to being one of the snipers who participated in the attack on president augusto pinochet, is currently under arrest in the santiago prison, and, together with vasily carillo nova, he is national spokesman for one of the factions of this extremist organization.    diaz caro, who was arrested in late 1986 by the police, announced that in "a matter of hours" they will start subversive actions. he explained that this new phase of armed struggle will be carried out "from arica down to magallanes."    at the same time he referred to the results of the plebiscite, stating that although they respect those who voted "no," "the only aspect of the victory of the `no\' we accept is that pinochet leave power."    in referring to the fpmr\'s change of strategy, diaz caro disclosed that the decision was made during a meeting of the organization\'s leaders last april.    of this occasion they discussed the line that the terrorist organization should follow. they also decided to give up the idea of an "armed rebellion," which prevailed until then. the main characteristic of that idea was that the organization served to complement class struggle (as it did in its origin in 1983), to support the people\'s rebellion to paralyze the country and to perpetrate attacks against the established regime.    diaz caro disclosed that during the meeting they decided to replace the rebellion with the search for a patriotic unity government. he said that "we realize that ousting the regime is subject to negotiations under a provincial government."    according to diaz caro this is when they realized the "need for a `truce\' because they needed to plan greater steps."    he added that "this is when what we call the `national patriotic war\' surfaced. the main issue of this war is the armed struggle; we are no longer a mere complement to the people. it represents a qualitative step forward and entails greater responsibilities."    diaz caro disclosed that this new phase will require a greater quantity of weapons, more men, and all the support necessary to operate. he said that the months of truce were used to fulfill these needs.    the spokesman added that during the meeting they also decided on the need to establish a non-isolated action.  "we thought that actions in santiago, concepcion, and valparaiso would be the solution, but that was not the case."    diaz caro explained that "this is why we now realize that the struggle should be carried out from arica down to magallanes, throughout the territory and in various forms." (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 237, 'end_gold': 254, 'gold': 'anes."    at the same time he referred to the results of the ple', 'candidates': [(516, 517, ' armed', 3.567821979522705), (516, 528, ' armed struggle; we are no longer a mere complement to the', 3.305189847946167), (516, 529, ' armed struggle; we are no longer a mere complement to the people', 1.8534014225006104)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) will develop a new form of struggle called the "national patriotic war," "which will start at any moment."    this information was disclosed yesterday to el mercurio by fpmr spokesman victor diaz caro, who said that the truce during the plebiscite was to prepare the phase they are now starting.    he also confirmed the statement in brussels this week by fpmr international spokesman marcelo reyes.    diaz caro, who has confessed to being one of the snipers who participated in the attack on president augusto pinochet, is currently under arrest in the santiago prison, and, together with vasily carillo nova, he is national spokesman for one of the factions of this extremist organization.    diaz caro, who was arrested in late 1986 by the police, announced that in "a matter of hours" they will start subversive actions. he explained that this new phase of armed struggle will be carried out "from arica down to magallanes."    at the same time he referred to the results of the plebiscite, stating that although they respect those who voted "no," "the only aspect of the victory of the `no\' we accept is that pinochet leave power."    in referring to the fpmr\'s change of strategy, diaz caro disclosed that the decision was made during a meeting of the organization\'s leaders last april.    of this occasion they discussed the line that the terrorist organization should follow. they also decided to give up the idea of an "armed rebellion," which prevailed until then. the main characteristic of that idea was that the organization served to complement class struggle (as it did in its origin in 1983), to support the people\'s rebellion to paralyze the country and to perpetrate attacks against the established regime.    diaz caro disclosed that during the meeting they decided to replace the rebellion with the search for a patriotic unity government. he said that "we realize that ousting the regime is subject to negotiations under a provincial government."    according to diaz caro this is when they realized the "need for a `truce\' because they needed to plan greater steps."    he added that "this is when what we call the `national patriotic war\' surfaced. the main issue of this war is the armed struggle; we are no longer a mere complement to the people. it represents a qualitative step forward and entails greater responsibilities."    diaz caro disclosed that this new phase will require a greater quantity of weapons, more men, and all the support necessary to operate. he said that the months of truce were used to fulfill these needs.    the spokesman added that during the meeting they also decided on the need to establish a non-isolated action.  "we thought that actions in santiago, concepcion, and valparaiso would be the solution, but that was not the case."    diaz caro explained that "this is why we now realize that the struggle should be carried out from arica down to magallanes, throughout the territory and in various forms." (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 13, 'end_gold': 30, 'gold': ' rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) will develop a new form of struggle', 'candidates': [(516, 517, ' armed', 2.1207170486450195), (516, 528, ' armed struggle; we are no longer a mere complement to the', 1.144068956375122), (516, 529, ' armed struggle; we are no longer a mere complement to the people', -0.15847885608673096)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) will develop a new form of struggle called the "national patriotic war," "which will start at any moment."    this information was disclosed yesterday to el mercurio by fpmr spokesman victor diaz caro, who said that the truce during the plebiscite was to prepare the phase they are now starting.    he also confirmed the statement in brussels this week by fpmr international spokesman marcelo reyes.    diaz caro, who has confessed to being one of the snipers who participated in the attack on president augusto pinochet, is currently under arrest in the santiago prison, and, together with vasily carillo nova, he is national spokesman for one of the factions of this extremist organization.    diaz caro, who was arrested in late 1986 by the police, announced that in "a matter of hours" they will start subversive actions. he explained that this new phase of armed struggle will be carried out "from arica down to magallanes."    at the same time he referred to the results of the plebiscite, stating that although they respect those who voted "no," "the only aspect of the victory of the `no\' we accept is that pinochet leave power."    in referring to the fpmr\'s change of strategy, diaz caro disclosed that the decision was made during a meeting of the organization\'s leaders last april.    of this occasion they discussed the line that the terrorist organization should follow. they also decided to give up the idea of an "armed rebellion," which prevailed until then. the main characteristic of that idea was that the organization served to complement class struggle (as it did in its origin in 1983), to support the people\'s rebellion to paralyze the country and to perpetrate attacks against the established regime.    diaz caro disclosed that during the meeting they decided to replace the rebellion with the search for a patriotic unity government. he said that "we realize that ousting the regime is subject to negotiations under a provincial government."    according to diaz caro this is when they realized the "need for a `truce\' because they needed to plan greater steps."    he added that "this is when what we call the `national patriotic war\' surfaced. the main issue of this war is the armed struggle; we are no longer a mere complement to the people. it represents a qualitative step forward and entails greater responsibilities."    diaz caro disclosed that this new phase will require a greater quantity of weapons, more men, and all the support necessary to operate. he said that the months of truce were used to fulfill these needs.    the spokesman added that during the meeting they also decided on the need to establish a non-isolated action.  "we thought that actions in santiago, concepcion, and valparaiso would be the solution, but that was not the case."    diaz caro explained that "this is why we now realize that the struggle should be carried out from arica down to magallanes, throughout the territory and in various forms." (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(139, 144, ' president augusto pin', 8.480928421020508), (139, 145, ' president augusto pinochet', 4.764877796173096), (139, 139, '', 1.8627386093139648)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) will develop a new form of struggle called the "national patriotic war," "which will start at any moment."    this information was disclosed yesterday to el mercurio by fpmr spokesman victor diaz caro, who said that the truce during the plebiscite was to prepare the phase they are now starting.    he also confirmed the statement in brussels this week by fpmr international spokesman marcelo reyes.    diaz caro, who has confessed to being one of the snipers who participated in the attack on president augusto pinochet, is currently under arrest in the santiago prison, and, together with vasily carillo nova, he is national spokesman for one of the factions of this extremist organization.    diaz caro, who was arrested in late 1986 by the police, announced that in "a matter of hours" they will start subversive actions. he explained that this new phase of armed struggle will be carried out "from arica down to magallanes."    at the same time he referred to the results of the plebiscite, stating that although they respect those who voted "no," "the only aspect of the victory of the `no\' we accept is that pinochet leave power."    in referring to the fpmr\'s change of strategy, diaz caro disclosed that the decision was made during a meeting of the organization\'s leaders last april.    of this occasion they discussed the line that the terrorist organization should follow. they also decided to give up the idea of an "armed rebellion," which prevailed until then. the main characteristic of that idea was that the organization served to complement class struggle (as it did in its origin in 1983), to support the people\'s rebellion to paralyze the country and to perpetrate attacks against the established regime.    diaz caro disclosed that during the meeting they decided to replace the rebellion with the search for a patriotic unity government. he said that "we realize that ousting the regime is subject to negotiations under a provincial government."    according to diaz caro this is when they realized the "need for a `truce\' because they needed to plan greater steps."    he added that "this is when what we call the `national patriotic war\' surfaced. the main issue of this war is the armed struggle; we are no longer a mere complement to the people. it represents a qualitative step forward and entails greater responsibilities."    diaz caro disclosed that this new phase will require a greater quantity of weapons, more men, and all the support necessary to operate. he said that the months of truce were used to fulfill these needs.    the spokesman added that during the meeting they also decided on the need to establish a non-isolated action.  "we thought that actions in santiago, concepcion, and valparaiso would be the solution, but that was not the case."    diaz caro explained that "this is why we now realize that the struggle should be carried out from arica down to magallanes, throughout the territory and in various forms." (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 556, 'end_gold': 571, 'gold': ' quantity of weapons, more men, and all the support necessary to operate.', 'candidates': [(139, 144, ' president augusto pin', 2.7454209327697754), (139, 145, ' president augusto pinochet', -0.7331411838531494), (139, 139, '', -2.7943544387817383)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) will develop a new form of struggle called the "national patriotic war," "which will start at any moment."    this information was disclosed yesterday to el mercurio by fpmr spokesman victor diaz caro, who said that the truce during the plebiscite was to prepare the phase they are now starting.    he also confirmed the statement in brussels this week by fpmr international spokesman marcelo reyes.    diaz caro, who has confessed to being one of the snipers who participated in the attack on president augusto pinochet, is currently under arrest in the santiago prison, and, together with vasily carillo nova, he is national spokesman for one of the factions of this extremist organization.    diaz caro, who was arrested in late 1986 by the police, announced that in "a matter of hours" they will start subversive actions. he explained that this new phase of armed struggle will be carried out "from arica down to magallanes."    at the same time he referred to the results of the plebiscite, stating that although they respect those who voted "no," "the only aspect of the victory of the `no\' we accept is that pinochet leave power."    in referring to the fpmr\'s change of strategy, diaz caro disclosed that the decision was made during a meeting of the organization\'s leaders last april.    of this occasion they discussed the line that the terrorist organization should follow. they also decided to give up the idea of an "armed rebellion," which prevailed until then. the main characteristic of that idea was that the organization served to complement class struggle (as it did in its origin in 1983), to support the people\'s rebellion to paralyze the country and to perpetrate attacks against the established regime.    diaz caro disclosed that during the meeting they decided to replace the rebellion with the search for a patriotic unity government. he said that "we realize that ousting the regime is subject to negotiations under a provincial government."    according to diaz caro this is when they realized the "need for a `truce\' because they needed to plan greater steps."    he added that "this is when what we call the `national patriotic war\' surfaced. the main issue of this war is the armed struggle; we are no longer a mere complement to the people. it represents a qualitative step forward and entails greater responsibilities."    diaz caro disclosed that this new phase will require a greater quantity of weapons, more men, and all the support necessary to operate. he said that the months of truce were used to fulfill these needs.    the spokesman added that during the meeting they also decided on the need to establish a non-isolated action.  "we thought that actions in santiago, concepcion, and valparaiso would be the solution, but that was not the case."    diaz caro explained that "this is why we now realize that the struggle should be carried out from arica down to magallanes, throughout the territory and in various forms." (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(518, 527, ' we are no longer a mere complement to the', 1.2819170951843262), (518, 528, ' we are no longer a mere complement to the people', 0.25007927417755127), (518, 539, ' we are no longer a mere complement to the people. it represents a qualitative step forward and entails greater responsibilities', -1.4328691959381104)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>in another act of violence, 18 people were killed near canasgordas in antioquia department. epl (popular liberation army) guerrillas blew up a bridge as a public bus, in which several policemen were traveling, was crossing it. the attack killed nine policemen and nine civilians, including four employees of the civil registry office, who had been in peque on sunday for the election of a new mayor. the bloody attack occurred in juntas de uramita, where the injured are being treated.</s>', 'start_gold': 131, 'end_gold': 145, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(36, 38, 'popular liberation', 10.047063827514648), (36, 39, 'popular liberation army', 9.843700408935547), (36, 42, 'popular liberation army) guerr', 9.666528701782227)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>in another act of violence, 18 people were killed near canasgordas in antioquia department. epl (popular liberation army) guerrillas blew up a bridge as a public bus, in which several policemen were traveling, was crossing it. the attack killed nine policemen and nine civilians, including four employees of the civil registry office, who had been in peque on sunday for the election of a new mayor. the bloody attack occurred in juntas de uramita, where the injured are being treated.</s>', 'start_gold': 101, 'end_gold': 114, 'gold': ' occurred in juntas de uramita, where the injured', 'candidates': [(36, 39, 'popular liberation army', 11.351356506347656), (36, 38, 'popular liberation', 11.191934585571289), (36, 42, 'popular liberation army) guerr', 11.027872085571289)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>in another act of violence, 18 people were killed near canasgordas in antioquia department. epl (popular liberation army) guerrillas blew up a bridge as a public bus, in which several policemen were traveling, was crossing it. the attack killed nine policemen and nine civilians, including four employees of the civil registry office, who had been in peque on sunday for the election of a new mayor. the bloody attack occurred in juntas de uramita, where the injured are being treated.</s>', 'start_gold': 151, 'end_gold': 162, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(53, 54, ' several', -1.3241149187088013), (53, 78, ' several policemen were traveling, was crossing it. the attack killed nine policemen and nine civilians, including four employees of the civil registry', -2.399747848510742), (53, 61, ' several policemen were traveling, was crossing it', -2.883185863494873)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>in another act of violence, 18 people were killed near canasgordas in antioquia department. epl (popular liberation army) guerrillas blew up a bridge as a public bus, in which several policemen were traveling, was crossing it. the attack killed nine policemen and nine civilians, including four employees of the civil registry office, who had been in peque on sunday for the election of a new mayor. the bloody attack occurred in juntas de uramita, where the injured are being treated.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(65, 69, ' nine policemen and nine', 7.290789604187012), (65, 78, ' nine policemen and nine civilians, including four employees of the civil registry', 5.121015548706055), (65, 70, ' nine policemen and nine civilians', 4.1697773933410645)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>in another act of violence, 18 people were killed near canasgordas in antioquia department. epl (popular liberation army) guerrillas blew up a bridge as a public bus, in which several policemen were traveling, was crossing it. the attack killed nine policemen and nine civilians, including four employees of the civil registry office, who had been in peque on sunday for the election of a new mayor. the bloody attack occurred in juntas de uramita, where the injured are being treated.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(35, 38, 'popular liberation army', 10.431047439575195), (35, 37, 'popular liberation', 10.129546165466309), (35, 41, 'popular liberation army) guerr', 10.061140060424805)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>do you have any comments on the amnesty international report, which claims that the armed forces are involved in the murder of certain salvadoran citizens?    (duarte) i understand that amnesty international has to prepare a report every year, and the organization includes whatever views it chooses in the report. the organization obviously states its views in the report.  salvadorans do things according to the law. if any salvadoran or foreigner has evidence (of human rights violations), then it should be brought before the courts.  that is the logical and legal way for us to begin an investigation; that is what we always do in all such cases.    (reporter) mr president, your government has issued a special report claiming that some death squad members have deserted and implicated several right-wing members in the murder of msgr oscar arnulfo romero and other salvadorans.    (duarte) we are analyzing the available evidence in those cases. you know that i have carefully analyzed the cases. i released information only when the evidence was duly investigated and corroborated. we are processing a sizable amount of information, but i do not want to discuss it in detail because i believe that this would hinder the investigation.    (reporter) is it true that you have two video recordings in which the two deserters give their names and details and that these recordings are being analyzed by military intelligence services and the government?    (duarte) we are currently investigating the case. that is why i said that i would not like to reveal any detailed information--because this might hinder the investigation.    (reporter) mr president, the amnesty international report states that death squads--which are reportedly composed of soldiers and policemen--are being reactivated at a time when the armed forces oppose your policies.    (duarte) i do not think so. my government's policy remains unchanged. we advocate the defense of human rights and democracy. i think this is always evident.  every day this is demonstrated by events. (words indistinct) film about guerrilla commanders, which represents support for the fmln and distorts the people's views. nevertheless, we know that freedom of the press must prevail and therefore we do not intervene. you will not find another country that does this, yet we are doing so because we believe that we should defend freedom of the press above all.    (reporter) how much credence do you give the amnesty international report?    (duarte) the report is valid insofar as the facts are all there. however, i (words indistinct) the way in which the facts are interpreted. the facts are interpreted according to amnesty international's own (word indistinct). we also received reports from red cross international (words indistinct) each case. each case is interpreted differently.  the united nations has its own opinion; the oas has its own opinion. each one issues a report, and we use that information as the basis for our investigations on human rights violations, which is the main issue. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 747, 'end_gold': 762, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(24, 26, ' the armed', 5.714871883392334), (24, 37, ' the armed forces are involved in the murder of certain salvadoran', 4.232044219970703), (24, 38, ' the armed forces are involved in the murder of certain salvadoran citizens', 3.377373218536377)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>do you have any comments on the amnesty international report, which claims that the armed forces are involved in the murder of certain salvadoran citizens?    (duarte) i understand that amnesty international has to prepare a report every year, and the organization includes whatever views it chooses in the report. the organization obviously states its views in the report.  salvadorans do things according to the law. if any salvadoran or foreigner has evidence (of human rights violations), then it should be brought before the courts.  that is the logical and legal way for us to begin an investigation; that is what we always do in all such cases.    (reporter) mr president, your government has issued a special report claiming that some death squad members have deserted and implicated several right-wing members in the murder of msgr oscar arnulfo romero and other salvadorans.    (duarte) we are analyzing the available evidence in those cases. you know that i have carefully analyzed the cases. i released information only when the evidence was duly investigated and corroborated. we are processing a sizable amount of information, but i do not want to discuss it in detail because i believe that this would hinder the investigation.    (reporter) is it true that you have two video recordings in which the two deserters give their names and details and that these recordings are being analyzed by military intelligence services and the government?    (duarte) we are currently investigating the case. that is why i said that i would not like to reveal any detailed information--because this might hinder the investigation.    (reporter) mr president, the amnesty international report states that death squads--which are reportedly composed of soldiers and policemen--are being reactivated at a time when the armed forces oppose your policies.    (duarte) i do not think so. my government's policy remains unchanged. we advocate the defense of human rights and democracy. i think this is always evident.  every day this is demonstrated by events. (words indistinct) film about guerrilla commanders, which represents support for the fmln and distorts the people's views. nevertheless, we know that freedom of the press must prevail and therefore we do not intervene. you will not find another country that does this, yet we are doing so because we believe that we should defend freedom of the press above all.    (reporter) how much credence do you give the amnesty international report?    (duarte) the report is valid insofar as the facts are all there. however, i (words indistinct) the way in which the facts are interpreted. the facts are interpreted according to amnesty international's own (word indistinct). we also received reports from red cross international (words indistinct) each case. each case is interpreted differently.  the united nations has its own opinion; the oas has its own opinion. each one issues a report, and we use that information as the basis for our investigations on human rights violations, which is the main issue. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 93, 'end_gold': 106, 'gold': ' any salvadoran or foreigner has evidence (of human rights violations', 'candidates': [(24, 26, ' the armed', 4.708651542663574), (24, 37, ' the armed forces are involved in the murder of certain salvadoran', 2.948695659637451), (24, 38, ' the armed forces are involved in the murder of certain salvadoran citizens', 2.315399408340454)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>do you have any comments on the amnesty international report, which claims that the armed forces are involved in the murder of certain salvadoran citizens?    (duarte) i understand that amnesty international has to prepare a report every year, and the organization includes whatever views it chooses in the report. the organization obviously states its views in the report.  salvadorans do things according to the law. if any salvadoran or foreigner has evidence (of human rights violations), then it should be brought before the courts.  that is the logical and legal way for us to begin an investigation; that is what we always do in all such cases.    (reporter) mr president, your government has issued a special report claiming that some death squad members have deserted and implicated several right-wing members in the murder of msgr oscar arnulfo romero and other salvadorans.    (duarte) we are analyzing the available evidence in those cases. you know that i have carefully analyzed the cases. i released information only when the evidence was duly investigated and corroborated. we are processing a sizable amount of information, but i do not want to discuss it in detail because i believe that this would hinder the investigation.    (reporter) is it true that you have two video recordings in which the two deserters give their names and details and that these recordings are being analyzed by military intelligence services and the government?    (duarte) we are currently investigating the case. that is why i said that i would not like to reveal any detailed information--because this might hinder the investigation.    (reporter) mr president, the amnesty international report states that death squads--which are reportedly composed of soldiers and policemen--are being reactivated at a time when the armed forces oppose your policies.    (duarte) i do not think so. my government's policy remains unchanged. we advocate the defense of human rights and democracy. i think this is always evident.  every day this is demonstrated by events. (words indistinct) film about guerrilla commanders, which represents support for the fmln and distorts the people's views. nevertheless, we know that freedom of the press must prevail and therefore we do not intervene. you will not find another country that does this, yet we are doing so because we believe that we should defend freedom of the press above all.    (reporter) how much credence do you give the amnesty international report?    (duarte) the report is valid insofar as the facts are all there. however, i (words indistinct) the way in which the facts are interpreted. the facts are interpreted according to amnesty international's own (word indistinct). we also received reports from red cross international (words indistinct) each case. each case is interpreted differently.  the united nations has its own opinion; the oas has its own opinion. each one issues a report, and we use that information as the basis for our investigations on human rights violations, which is the main issue. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(33, 36, ' salvadoran', 6.297686576843262), (33, 37, ' salvadoran citizens', 3.5435068607330322), (33, 35, ' salvador', 1.920562744140625)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>do you have any comments on the amnesty international report, which claims that the armed forces are involved in the murder of certain salvadoran citizens?    (duarte) i understand that amnesty international has to prepare a report every year, and the organization includes whatever views it chooses in the report. the organization obviously states its views in the report.  salvadorans do things according to the law. if any salvadoran or foreigner has evidence (of human rights violations), then it should be brought before the courts.  that is the logical and legal way for us to begin an investigation; that is what we always do in all such cases.    (reporter) mr president, your government has issued a special report claiming that some death squad members have deserted and implicated several right-wing members in the murder of msgr oscar arnulfo romero and other salvadorans.    (duarte) we are analyzing the available evidence in those cases. you know that i have carefully analyzed the cases. i released information only when the evidence was duly investigated and corroborated. we are processing a sizable amount of information, but i do not want to discuss it in detail because i believe that this would hinder the investigation.    (reporter) is it true that you have two video recordings in which the two deserters give their names and details and that these recordings are being analyzed by military intelligence services and the government?    (duarte) we are currently investigating the case. that is why i said that i would not like to reveal any detailed information--because this might hinder the investigation.    (reporter) mr president, the amnesty international report states that death squads--which are reportedly composed of soldiers and policemen--are being reactivated at a time when the armed forces oppose your policies.    (duarte) i do not think so. my government's policy remains unchanged. we advocate the defense of human rights and democracy. i think this is always evident.  every day this is demonstrated by events. (words indistinct) film about guerrilla commanders, which represents support for the fmln and distorts the people's views. nevertheless, we know that freedom of the press must prevail and therefore we do not intervene. you will not find another country that does this, yet we are doing so because we believe that we should defend freedom of the press above all.    (reporter) how much credence do you give the amnesty international report?    (duarte) the report is valid insofar as the facts are all there. however, i (words indistinct) the way in which the facts are interpreted. the facts are interpreted according to amnesty international's own (word indistinct). we also received reports from red cross international (words indistinct) each case. each case is interpreted differently.  the united nations has its own opinion; the oas has its own opinion. each one issues a report, and we use that information as the basis for our investigations on human rights violations, which is the main issue. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 849, 'end_gold': 867, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(33, 36, ' salvadoran', 8.182634353637695), (33, 37, ' salvadoran citizens', 4.569315433502197), (33, 35, ' salvador', 2.730485677719116)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>do you have any comments on the amnesty international report, which claims that the armed forces are involved in the murder of certain salvadoran citizens?    (duarte) i understand that amnesty international has to prepare a report every year, and the organization includes whatever views it chooses in the report. the organization obviously states its views in the report.  salvadorans do things according to the law. if any salvadoran or foreigner has evidence (of human rights violations), then it should be brought before the courts.  that is the logical and legal way for us to begin an investigation; that is what we always do in all such cases.    (reporter) mr president, your government has issued a special report claiming that some death squad members have deserted and implicated several right-wing members in the murder of msgr oscar arnulfo romero and other salvadorans.    (duarte) we are analyzing the available evidence in those cases. you know that i have carefully analyzed the cases. i released information only when the evidence was duly investigated and corroborated. we are processing a sizable amount of information, but i do not want to discuss it in detail because i believe that this would hinder the investigation.    (reporter) is it true that you have two video recordings in which the two deserters give their names and details and that these recordings are being analyzed by military intelligence services and the government?    (duarte) we are currently investigating the case. that is why i said that i would not like to reveal any detailed information--because this might hinder the investigation.    (reporter) mr president, the amnesty international report states that death squads--which are reportedly composed of soldiers and policemen--are being reactivated at a time when the armed forces oppose your policies.    (duarte) i do not think so. my government's policy remains unchanged. we advocate the defense of human rights and democracy. i think this is always evident.  every day this is demonstrated by events. (words indistinct) film about guerrilla commanders, which represents support for the fmln and distorts the people's views. nevertheless, we know that freedom of the press must prevail and therefore we do not intervene. you will not find another country that does this, yet we are doing so because we believe that we should defend freedom of the press above all.    (reporter) how much credence do you give the amnesty international report?    (duarte) the report is valid insofar as the facts are all there. however, i (words indistinct) the way in which the facts are interpreted. the facts are interpreted according to amnesty international's own (word indistinct). we also received reports from red cross international (words indistinct) each case. each case is interpreted differently.  the united nations has its own opinion; the oas has its own opinion. each one issues a report, and we use that information as the basis for our investigations on human rights violations, which is the main issue. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(23, 36, ' the armed forces are involved in the murder of certain salvadoran', 6.17207145690918), (23, 25, ' the armed', 4.464240550994873), (23, 30, ' the armed forces are involved in the', 3.9927773475646973)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>nicaraguan president daniel ortega today released a provisional report on the damage caused by hurricane joan and announced an "imminent contra" attack against nicaragua.    accompanied by five fsln national directorate commanders--humberto ortega, bayardo arce, victor tirado, carlos nunez, and tomas borge--and members of his cabinet, ortega addressed members of the diplomatic corps accredited in nicaragua and the foreign press to request more international aid for the nicaraguans affected by hurricane joan.    ortega also asked the international community for its mediation in light of a new attack by 3,000 "contras" who, according to ortega, are at the honduran border ready to launch an attack against his people "in this difficult time."    "the international community must demand that the u.s. government forget its plan to attack nicaragua.  the contras have been equipped by the reagan administration and are ready to attack at any moment," the nicaraguan president added.    "we know that the rebels have been ordered to hinder the reconstruction work that is being done to help the people affected by the hurricane. they have also been ordered to sabotage the coffee harvest activities. the biggest help the yankee government could give the nicaraguan people would be to stop the attack," the president stressed.    ortega announced that while his country was being hit by hurricane joan, the contras carried out attacks and killed five civilians.    regarding the damage caused by the hurricane, ortega said that this coming week, an ecla team will arrive in managua to make "final" evaluations on the damage caused by joan last week.    international aid "is necessary and urgent because the situation is chaotic," ortega added, stressing the role played by cuba in helping his people.    he said that cuba sent 24 planes to nicaragua with food, medicine, and medical teams; mexico sent 2 planes; and spain, great britain, panama, and belgium each sent one; for a total of 2,052 tons of aid.    giving a provisional report on the damage, ortega said there were 116 dead, 178 injured, 110 missing, and 29,152 houses destroyed as well as damage to agriculture and fishing.    he stressed the damage to the ecology because thousands of hectares of forest were destroyed. he said that european technicians will travel to nicaragua next week to evaluate the damage.    ortega said that to face the hurricane, the country used the defense system it would use to repel a military attack and that thanks to this, many human lives were saved.</s>', 'start_gold': 625, 'end_gold': 638, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(155, 156, 'cont', -1.4774506092071533), (155, 157, 'contras', -2.445377826690674), (155, 180, 'contras" who, according to ortega, are at the honduran border ready to launch an attack against his', -4.91807746887207)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>nicaraguan president daniel ortega today released a provisional report on the damage caused by hurricane joan and announced an "imminent contra" attack against nicaragua.    accompanied by five fsln national directorate commanders--humberto ortega, bayardo arce, victor tirado, carlos nunez, and tomas borge--and members of his cabinet, ortega addressed members of the diplomatic corps accredited in nicaragua and the foreign press to request more international aid for the nicaraguans affected by hurricane joan.    ortega also asked the international community for its mediation in light of a new attack by 3,000 "contras" who, according to ortega, are at the honduran border ready to launch an attack against his people "in this difficult time."    "the international community must demand that the u.s. government forget its plan to attack nicaragua.  the contras have been equipped by the reagan administration and are ready to attack at any moment," the nicaraguan president added.    "we know that the rebels have been ordered to hinder the reconstruction work that is being done to help the people affected by the hurricane. they have also been ordered to sabotage the coffee harvest activities. the biggest help the yankee government could give the nicaraguan people would be to stop the attack," the president stressed.    ortega announced that while his country was being hit by hurricane joan, the contras carried out attacks and killed five civilians.    regarding the damage caused by the hurricane, ortega said that this coming week, an ecla team will arrive in managua to make "final" evaluations on the damage caused by joan last week.    international aid "is necessary and urgent because the situation is chaotic," ortega added, stressing the role played by cuba in helping his people.    he said that cuba sent 24 planes to nicaragua with food, medicine, and medical teams; mexico sent 2 planes; and spain, great britain, panama, and belgium each sent one; for a total of 2,052 tons of aid.    giving a provisional report on the damage, ortega said there were 116 dead, 178 injured, 110 missing, and 29,152 houses destroyed as well as damage to agriculture and fishing.    he stressed the damage to the ecology because thousands of hectares of forest were destroyed. he said that european technicians will travel to nicaragua next week to evaluate the damage.    ortega said that to face the hurricane, the country used the defense system it would use to repel a military attack and that thanks to this, many human lives were saved.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(516, 518, ' agriculture and', 0.005520716309547424), (516, 516, '', -3.7571423053741455), (516, 519, ' agriculture and fishing', -4.009433746337891)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>nicaraguan president daniel ortega today released a provisional report on the damage caused by hurricane joan and announced an "imminent contra" attack against nicaragua.    accompanied by five fsln national directorate commanders--humberto ortega, bayardo arce, victor tirado, carlos nunez, and tomas borge--and members of his cabinet, ortega addressed members of the diplomatic corps accredited in nicaragua and the foreign press to request more international aid for the nicaraguans affected by hurricane joan.    ortega also asked the international community for its mediation in light of a new attack by 3,000 "contras" who, according to ortega, are at the honduran border ready to launch an attack against his people "in this difficult time."    "the international community must demand that the u.s. government forget its plan to attack nicaragua.  the contras have been equipped by the reagan administration and are ready to attack at any moment," the nicaraguan president added.    "we know that the rebels have been ordered to hinder the reconstruction work that is being done to help the people affected by the hurricane. they have also been ordered to sabotage the coffee harvest activities. the biggest help the yankee government could give the nicaraguan people would be to stop the attack," the president stressed.    ortega announced that while his country was being hit by hurricane joan, the contras carried out attacks and killed five civilians.    regarding the damage caused by the hurricane, ortega said that this coming week, an ecla team will arrive in managua to make "final" evaluations on the damage caused by joan last week.    international aid "is necessary and urgent because the situation is chaotic," ortega added, stressing the role played by cuba in helping his people.    he said that cuba sent 24 planes to nicaragua with food, medicine, and medical teams; mexico sent 2 planes; and spain, great britain, panama, and belgium each sent one; for a total of 2,052 tons of aid.    giving a provisional report on the damage, ortega said there were 116 dead, 178 injured, 110 missing, and 29,152 houses destroyed as well as damage to agriculture and fishing.    he stressed the damage to the ecology because thousands of hectares of forest were destroyed. he said that european technicians will travel to nicaragua next week to evaluate the damage.    ortega said that to face the hurricane, the country used the defense system it would use to repel a military attack and that thanks to this, many human lives were saved.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(41, 43, ' nicarag', 0.7074795961380005), (41, 44, ' nicaragua', -3.7303049564361572), (154, 155, 'cont', 0.027419008314609528)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>nicaraguan president daniel ortega today released a provisional report on the damage caused by hurricane joan and announced an "imminent contra" attack against nicaragua.    accompanied by five fsln national directorate commanders--humberto ortega, bayardo arce, victor tirado, carlos nunez, and tomas borge--and members of his cabinet, ortega addressed members of the diplomatic corps accredited in nicaragua and the foreign press to request more international aid for the nicaraguans affected by hurricane joan.    ortega also asked the international community for its mediation in light of a new attack by 3,000 "contras" who, according to ortega, are at the honduran border ready to launch an attack against his people "in this difficult time."    "the international community must demand that the u.s. government forget its plan to attack nicaragua.  the contras have been equipped by the reagan administration and are ready to attack at any moment," the nicaraguan president added.    "we know that the rebels have been ordered to hinder the reconstruction work that is being done to help the people affected by the hurricane. they have also been ordered to sabotage the coffee harvest activities. the biggest help the yankee government could give the nicaraguan people would be to stop the attack," the president stressed.    ortega announced that while his country was being hit by hurricane joan, the contras carried out attacks and killed five civilians.    regarding the damage caused by the hurricane, ortega said that this coming week, an ecla team will arrive in managua to make "final" evaluations on the damage caused by joan last week.    international aid "is necessary and urgent because the situation is chaotic," ortega added, stressing the role played by cuba in helping his people.    he said that cuba sent 24 planes to nicaragua with food, medicine, and medical teams; mexico sent 2 planes; and spain, great britain, panama, and belgium each sent one; for a total of 2,052 tons of aid.    giving a provisional report on the damage, ortega said there were 116 dead, 178 injured, 110 missing, and 29,152 houses destroyed as well as damage to agriculture and fishing.    he stressed the damage to the ecology because thousands of hectares of forest were destroyed. he said that european technicians will travel to nicaragua next week to evaluate the damage.    ortega said that to face the hurricane, the country used the defense system it would use to repel a military attack and that thanks to this, many human lives were saved.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(119, 122, ' nicaragu', 5.26317024230957), (119, 127, ' nicaraguans affected by hurricane jo', 3.0851187705993652), (119, 123, ' nicaraguans', 2.327458620071411)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>nicaraguan president daniel ortega today released a provisional report on the damage caused by hurricane joan and announced an "imminent contra" attack against nicaragua.    accompanied by five fsln national directorate commanders--humberto ortega, bayardo arce, victor tirado, carlos nunez, and tomas borge--and members of his cabinet, ortega addressed members of the diplomatic corps accredited in nicaragua and the foreign press to request more international aid for the nicaraguans affected by hurricane joan.    ortega also asked the international community for its mediation in light of a new attack by 3,000 "contras" who, according to ortega, are at the honduran border ready to launch an attack against his people "in this difficult time."    "the international community must demand that the u.s. government forget its plan to attack nicaragua.  the contras have been equipped by the reagan administration and are ready to attack at any moment," the nicaraguan president added.    "we know that the rebels have been ordered to hinder the reconstruction work that is being done to help the people affected by the hurricane. they have also been ordered to sabotage the coffee harvest activities. the biggest help the yankee government could give the nicaraguan people would be to stop the attack," the president stressed.    ortega announced that while his country was being hit by hurricane joan, the contras carried out attacks and killed five civilians.    regarding the damage caused by the hurricane, ortega said that this coming week, an ecla team will arrive in managua to make "final" evaluations on the damage caused by joan last week.    international aid "is necessary and urgent because the situation is chaotic," ortega added, stressing the role played by cuba in helping his people.    he said that cuba sent 24 planes to nicaragua with food, medicine, and medical teams; mexico sent 2 planes; and spain, great britain, panama, and belgium each sent one; for a total of 2,052 tons of aid.    giving a provisional report on the damage, ortega said there were 116 dead, 178 injured, 110 missing, and 29,152 houses destroyed as well as damage to agriculture and fishing.    he stressed the damage to the ecology because thousands of hectares of forest were destroyed. he said that european technicians will travel to nicaragua next week to evaluate the damage.    ortega said that to face the hurricane, the country used the defense system it would use to repel a military attack and that thanks to this, many human lives were saved.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(212, 230, ' the contras have been equipped by the reagan administration and are ready to attack at any', 0.06170356273651123), (212, 222, ' the contras have been equipped by the reagan', -0.03764474391937256), (212, 214, ' the contr', -0.228657066822052)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the second meeting of the so-called group of eight concluded today in punta del este, uruguay. after the uruguay declaration was signed, the presidents hosted a news conference. colombian president virgilio barco answered a uruguayan journalist's question on the current situation in our country:    (begin recording) (reporter) the situation in your country is very serious. thousands are dead, paramilitary death squads go unpunished despite their murders of patriotic union (up) members and popularly elected legislators. mr president, how can you explain this situation and how can you reconcile the situation existing in your country with your affirmation of the existence of democracy? thank you.    (barco) i do not believe your question is relevant to the composition and purpose of the group of eight meeting.  the question arises from a lack of information. colombia is a democracy, supported by a professional armed forces.  the soldiers are colombians who are complying with the requirement to perform military service. they are youths from all groups, from the rural areas, the cities, and from all political parties. the officers are professionals, and they do not follow militarist doctrines.    the armed forces members who have participated--may i add on an individual and personal basis--in any human rights violations are under investigation, will be arraigned before a military court, and many of them have been expelled. civil courts have been notified of some of those crimes, and some arrest warrants have been issued. military justice authorities are also conducting legal actions. (end recording)    during the same news conference this morning, president barco notified journalists that last thursday's strike had been an attempt by armed rebel groups against democracy. he also said that the press censorship decree was no longer valid.</s>", 'start_gold': 405, 'end_gold': 420, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(98, 119, ' paramilitary death squads go unpunished despite their murders of patriotic union (up) members and popularly elected', 4.8193464279174805), (98, 100, ' paramilitary death', 3.8939003944396973), (98, 120, ' paramilitary death squads go unpunished despite their murders of patriotic union (up) members and popularly elected legislators', 2.5006771087646484)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the second meeting of the so-called group of eight concluded today in punta del este, uruguay. after the uruguay declaration was signed, the presidents hosted a news conference. colombian president virgilio barco answered a uruguayan journalist's question on the current situation in our country:    (begin recording) (reporter) the situation in your country is very serious. thousands are dead, paramilitary death squads go unpunished despite their murders of patriotic union (up) members and popularly elected legislators. mr president, how can you explain this situation and how can you reconcile the situation existing in your country with your affirmation of the existence of democracy? thank you.    (barco) i do not believe your question is relevant to the composition and purpose of the group of eight meeting.  the question arises from a lack of information. colombia is a democracy, supported by a professional armed forces.  the soldiers are colombians who are complying with the requirement to perform military service. they are youths from all groups, from the rural areas, the cities, and from all political parties. the officers are professionals, and they do not follow militarist doctrines.    the armed forces members who have participated--may i add on an individual and personal basis--in any human rights violations are under investigation, will be arraigned before a military court, and many of them have been expelled. civil courts have been notified of some of those crimes, and some arrest warrants have been issued. military justice authorities are also conducting legal actions. (end recording)    during the same news conference this morning, president barco notified journalists that last thursday's strike had been an attempt by armed rebel groups against democracy. he also said that the press censorship decree was no longer valid.</s>", 'start_gold': 930, 'end_gold': 943, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(98, 100, ' paramilitary death', 11.47680950164795), (98, 119, ' paramilitary death squads go unpunished despite their murders of patriotic union (up) members and popularly elected', 10.743917465209961), (98, 120, ' paramilitary death squads go unpunished despite their murders of patriotic union (up) members and popularly elected legislators', 8.305460929870605)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the second meeting of the so-called group of eight concluded today in punta del este, uruguay. after the uruguay declaration was signed, the presidents hosted a news conference. colombian president virgilio barco answered a uruguayan journalist's question on the current situation in our country:    (begin recording) (reporter) the situation in your country is very serious. thousands are dead, paramilitary death squads go unpunished despite their murders of patriotic union (up) members and popularly elected legislators. mr president, how can you explain this situation and how can you reconcile the situation existing in your country with your affirmation of the existence of democracy? thank you.    (barco) i do not believe your question is relevant to the composition and purpose of the group of eight meeting.  the question arises from a lack of information. colombia is a democracy, supported by a professional armed forces.  the soldiers are colombians who are complying with the requirement to perform military service. they are youths from all groups, from the rural areas, the cities, and from all political parties. the officers are professionals, and they do not follow militarist doctrines.    the armed forces members who have participated--may i add on an individual and personal basis--in any human rights violations are under investigation, will be arraigned before a military court, and many of them have been expelled. civil courts have been notified of some of those crimes, and some arrest warrants have been issued. military justice authorities are also conducting legal actions. (end recording)    during the same news conference this morning, president barco notified journalists that last thursday's strike had been an attempt by armed rebel groups against democracy. he also said that the press censorship decree was no longer valid.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(108, 118, ' patriotic union (up) members and popularly elected', 13.53857421875), (108, 119, ' patriotic union (up) members and popularly elected legislators', 10.169576644897461), (108, 113, ' patriotic union (up)', 7.1563005447387695)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the second meeting of the so-called group of eight concluded today in punta del este, uruguay. after the uruguay declaration was signed, the presidents hosted a news conference. colombian president virgilio barco answered a uruguayan journalist's question on the current situation in our country:    (begin recording) (reporter) the situation in your country is very serious. thousands are dead, paramilitary death squads go unpunished despite their murders of patriotic union (up) members and popularly elected legislators. mr president, how can you explain this situation and how can you reconcile the situation existing in your country with your affirmation of the existence of democracy? thank you.    (barco) i do not believe your question is relevant to the composition and purpose of the group of eight meeting.  the question arises from a lack of information. colombia is a democracy, supported by a professional armed forces.  the soldiers are colombians who are complying with the requirement to perform military service. they are youths from all groups, from the rural areas, the cities, and from all political parties. the officers are professionals, and they do not follow militarist doctrines.    the armed forces members who have participated--may i add on an individual and personal basis--in any human rights violations are under investigation, will be arraigned before a military court, and many of them have been expelled. civil courts have been notified of some of those crimes, and some arrest warrants have been issued. military justice authorities are also conducting legal actions. (end recording)    during the same news conference this morning, president barco notified journalists that last thursday's strike had been an attempt by armed rebel groups against democracy. he also said that the press censorship decree was no longer valid.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(108, 118, ' patriotic union (up) members and popularly elected', 13.19357681274414), (108, 119, ' patriotic union (up) members and popularly elected legislators', 10.038516998291016), (108, 113, ' patriotic union (up)', 8.0328369140625)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the second meeting of the so-called group of eight concluded today in punta del este, uruguay. after the uruguay declaration was signed, the presidents hosted a news conference. colombian president virgilio barco answered a uruguayan journalist's question on the current situation in our country:    (begin recording) (reporter) the situation in your country is very serious. thousands are dead, paramilitary death squads go unpunished despite their murders of patriotic union (up) members and popularly elected legislators. mr president, how can you explain this situation and how can you reconcile the situation existing in your country with your affirmation of the existence of democracy? thank you.    (barco) i do not believe your question is relevant to the composition and purpose of the group of eight meeting.  the question arises from a lack of information. colombia is a democracy, supported by a professional armed forces.  the soldiers are colombians who are complying with the requirement to perform military service. they are youths from all groups, from the rural areas, the cities, and from all political parties. the officers are professionals, and they do not follow militarist doctrines.    the armed forces members who have participated--may i add on an individual and personal basis--in any human rights violations are under investigation, will be arraigned before a military court, and many of them have been expelled. civil courts have been notified of some of those crimes, and some arrest warrants have been issued. military justice authorities are also conducting legal actions. (end recording)    during the same news conference this morning, president barco notified journalists that last thursday's strike had been an attempt by armed rebel groups against democracy. he also said that the press censorship decree was no longer valid.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(208, 210, ' colomb', 9.56805419921875), (208, 220, ' colombians who are complying with the requirement to perform military', 9.263307571411133), (208, 227, ' colombians who are complying with the requirement to perform military service. they are youths from all', 8.963746070861816)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>president jose napoleon duarte called on the country's political parties that will participate in the upcoming elections to protect the democratic process and the republic. duarte made this call during his speech opening the 13th international fair of el salvador, in which 25 countries are participating.    (begin recording) (duarte) i have always been a peace lover, and that is why it grieves me to see the seriousness of the current salvadoran conflict and crisis. i, however, believe the democratic process will be strengthened. i believe the minds of men will be transformed positively, and ideological struggles--even the most polarized ones--will be definitely solved by the civilized means of the electoral process.    i call on all political parties to strengthen the current political process and put the sacred interests of the nation before any other interests because that is the only way to protect the republic and consolidate the democratic revolution that belongs to all salvadorans.    i also want to make a call to all groups so the electoral process, which will culminate with the election of a new president next year, develops with the spiritual grandeur that corresponds to courageous people, who wish to show the world their political maturity and their desire to live in peace.    the electoral process will slowly consolidate. i believe sooner than later, good judgement will prevail in the minds of those who have been driven mad by barbarism. (end recording)    (gomez) president duarte also said the fmln will not stop the democratic process and that the salvadoran situation is different from the one presented by fmln commanders joaquin villalobos and leonel gonzalez during their latin american tour.    (begin recording) (duarte) it is true that the enemies of the salvadoran people will go on conducting their terrorist and destructive actions. those actions, however, will not at all affect the progress made by our democratic struggle. the truth is that our crisis is as large as the effort we have made to face it. that effort goes beyond our borders and reaches the entire world.    the social and political changes that began to take place in el salvador are (word indistinct) and have began to show their results, despite the desperate actions the fmln-fdr is conducting abroad in order to counter the results of the progress we have made.    the foreigners who came to participate in this fair as well as the distinguished oas general assembly delegates will confirm that the salvadoran situation is very different from that circulated abroad and disseminated as part of an fmln -fdr disinformation plan.    the representatives of our local subversive movements have said abroad that there is repression in el salvador.  only a government that imposes itself by force on its people can be described as a repressive government. our country never enjoyed so much freedom as now and its rulers were never chosen so freely as they are now. (end recording)    (gomez) (word indistinct) president duarte said the 18th oas regular meeting represents the latin american countries' support for the salvadoran democratic process.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(506, 523, ' foreigners who came to participate in this fair as well as the distinguished oas general assembly', -1.7119932174682617), (506, 506, '', -2.1853480339050293), (506, 513, ' foreigners who came to participate in this', -2.484583616256714)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>president jose napoleon duarte called on the country's political parties that will participate in the upcoming elections to protect the democratic process and the republic. duarte made this call during his speech opening the 13th international fair of el salvador, in which 25 countries are participating.    (begin recording) (duarte) i have always been a peace lover, and that is why it grieves me to see the seriousness of the current salvadoran conflict and crisis. i, however, believe the democratic process will be strengthened. i believe the minds of men will be transformed positively, and ideological struggles--even the most polarized ones--will be definitely solved by the civilized means of the electoral process.    i call on all political parties to strengthen the current political process and put the sacred interests of the nation before any other interests because that is the only way to protect the republic and consolidate the democratic revolution that belongs to all salvadorans.    i also want to make a call to all groups so the electoral process, which will culminate with the election of a new president next year, develops with the spiritual grandeur that corresponds to courageous people, who wish to show the world their political maturity and their desire to live in peace.    the electoral process will slowly consolidate. i believe sooner than later, good judgement will prevail in the minds of those who have been driven mad by barbarism. (end recording)    (gomez) president duarte also said the fmln will not stop the democratic process and that the salvadoran situation is different from the one presented by fmln commanders joaquin villalobos and leonel gonzalez during their latin american tour.    (begin recording) (duarte) it is true that the enemies of the salvadoran people will go on conducting their terrorist and destructive actions. those actions, however, will not at all affect the progress made by our democratic struggle. the truth is that our crisis is as large as the effort we have made to face it. that effort goes beyond our borders and reaches the entire world.    the social and political changes that began to take place in el salvador are (word indistinct) and have began to show their results, despite the desperate actions the fmln-fdr is conducting abroad in order to counter the results of the progress we have made.    the foreigners who came to participate in this fair as well as the distinguished oas general assembly delegates will confirm that the salvadoran situation is very different from that circulated abroad and disseminated as part of an fmln -fdr disinformation plan.    the representatives of our local subversive movements have said abroad that there is repression in el salvador.  only a government that imposes itself by force on its people can be described as a repressive government. our country never enjoyed so much freedom as now and its rulers were never chosen so freely as they are now. (end recording)    (gomez) (word indistinct) president duarte said the 18th oas regular meeting represents the latin american countries' support for the salvadoran democratic process.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(506, 523, ' foreigners who came to participate in this fair as well as the distinguished oas general assembly', -1.7986525297164917), (506, 506, '', -3.61685848236084), (506, 513, ' foreigners who came to participate in this', -4.100471496582031)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>president jose napoleon duarte called on the country's political parties that will participate in the upcoming elections to protect the democratic process and the republic. duarte made this call during his speech opening the 13th international fair of el salvador, in which 25 countries are participating.    (begin recording) (duarte) i have always been a peace lover, and that is why it grieves me to see the seriousness of the current salvadoran conflict and crisis. i, however, believe the democratic process will be strengthened. i believe the minds of men will be transformed positively, and ideological struggles--even the most polarized ones--will be definitely solved by the civilized means of the electoral process.    i call on all political parties to strengthen the current political process and put the sacred interests of the nation before any other interests because that is the only way to protect the republic and consolidate the democratic revolution that belongs to all salvadorans.    i also want to make a call to all groups so the electoral process, which will culminate with the election of a new president next year, develops with the spiritual grandeur that corresponds to courageous people, who wish to show the world their political maturity and their desire to live in peace.    the electoral process will slowly consolidate. i believe sooner than later, good judgement will prevail in the minds of those who have been driven mad by barbarism. (end recording)    (gomez) president duarte also said the fmln will not stop the democratic process and that the salvadoran situation is different from the one presented by fmln commanders joaquin villalobos and leonel gonzalez during their latin american tour.    (begin recording) (duarte) it is true that the enemies of the salvadoran people will go on conducting their terrorist and destructive actions. those actions, however, will not at all affect the progress made by our democratic struggle. the truth is that our crisis is as large as the effort we have made to face it. that effort goes beyond our borders and reaches the entire world.    the social and political changes that began to take place in el salvador are (word indistinct) and have began to show their results, despite the desperate actions the fmln-fdr is conducting abroad in order to counter the results of the progress we have made.    the foreigners who came to participate in this fair as well as the distinguished oas general assembly delegates will confirm that the salvadoran situation is very different from that circulated abroad and disseminated as part of an fmln -fdr disinformation plan.    the representatives of our local subversive movements have said abroad that there is repression in el salvador.  only a government that imposes itself by force on its people can be described as a repressive government. our country never enjoyed so much freedom as now and its rulers were never chosen so freely as they are now. (end recording)    (gomez) (word indistinct) president duarte said the 18th oas regular meeting represents the latin american countries' support for the salvadoran democratic process.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(505, 505, '', 0.35867321491241455), (505, 512, ' foreigners who came to participate in this', -0.5100079774856567), (505, 509, ' foreigners who came to', -0.5638569593429565)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>president jose napoleon duarte called on the country's political parties that will participate in the upcoming elections to protect the democratic process and the republic. duarte made this call during his speech opening the 13th international fair of el salvador, in which 25 countries are participating.    (begin recording) (duarte) i have always been a peace lover, and that is why it grieves me to see the seriousness of the current salvadoran conflict and crisis. i, however, believe the democratic process will be strengthened. i believe the minds of men will be transformed positively, and ideological struggles--even the most polarized ones--will be definitely solved by the civilized means of the electoral process.    i call on all political parties to strengthen the current political process and put the sacred interests of the nation before any other interests because that is the only way to protect the republic and consolidate the democratic revolution that belongs to all salvadorans.    i also want to make a call to all groups so the electoral process, which will culminate with the election of a new president next year, develops with the spiritual grandeur that corresponds to courageous people, who wish to show the world their political maturity and their desire to live in peace.    the electoral process will slowly consolidate. i believe sooner than later, good judgement will prevail in the minds of those who have been driven mad by barbarism. (end recording)    (gomez) president duarte also said the fmln will not stop the democratic process and that the salvadoran situation is different from the one presented by fmln commanders joaquin villalobos and leonel gonzalez during their latin american tour.    (begin recording) (duarte) it is true that the enemies of the salvadoran people will go on conducting their terrorist and destructive actions. those actions, however, will not at all affect the progress made by our democratic struggle. the truth is that our crisis is as large as the effort we have made to face it. that effort goes beyond our borders and reaches the entire world.    the social and political changes that began to take place in el salvador are (word indistinct) and have began to show their results, despite the desperate actions the fmln-fdr is conducting abroad in order to counter the results of the progress we have made.    the foreigners who came to participate in this fair as well as the distinguished oas general assembly delegates will confirm that the salvadoran situation is very different from that circulated abroad and disseminated as part of an fmln -fdr disinformation plan.    the representatives of our local subversive movements have said abroad that there is repression in el salvador.  only a government that imposes itself by force on its people can be described as a repressive government. our country never enjoyed so much freedom as now and its rulers were never chosen so freely as they are now. (end recording)    (gomez) (word indistinct) president duarte said the 18th oas regular meeting represents the latin american countries' support for the salvadoran democratic process.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(505, 505, '', -2.51527738571167), (505, 512, ' foreigners who came to participate in this', -3.6034011840820312), (505, 509, ' foreigners who came to', -4.632277011871338)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>president jose napoleon duarte called on the country's political parties that will participate in the upcoming elections to protect the democratic process and the republic. duarte made this call during his speech opening the 13th international fair of el salvador, in which 25 countries are participating.    (begin recording) (duarte) i have always been a peace lover, and that is why it grieves me to see the seriousness of the current salvadoran conflict and crisis. i, however, believe the democratic process will be strengthened. i believe the minds of men will be transformed positively, and ideological struggles--even the most polarized ones--will be definitely solved by the civilized means of the electoral process.    i call on all political parties to strengthen the current political process and put the sacred interests of the nation before any other interests because that is the only way to protect the republic and consolidate the democratic revolution that belongs to all salvadorans.    i also want to make a call to all groups so the electoral process, which will culminate with the election of a new president next year, develops with the spiritual grandeur that corresponds to courageous people, who wish to show the world their political maturity and their desire to live in peace.    the electoral process will slowly consolidate. i believe sooner than later, good judgement will prevail in the minds of those who have been driven mad by barbarism. (end recording)    (gomez) president duarte also said the fmln will not stop the democratic process and that the salvadoran situation is different from the one presented by fmln commanders joaquin villalobos and leonel gonzalez during their latin american tour.    (begin recording) (duarte) it is true that the enemies of the salvadoran people will go on conducting their terrorist and destructive actions. those actions, however, will not at all affect the progress made by our democratic struggle. the truth is that our crisis is as large as the effort we have made to face it. that effort goes beyond our borders and reaches the entire world.    the social and political changes that began to take place in el salvador are (word indistinct) and have began to show their results, despite the desperate actions the fmln-fdr is conducting abroad in order to counter the results of the progress we have made.    the foreigners who came to participate in this fair as well as the distinguished oas general assembly delegates will confirm that the salvadoran situation is very different from that circulated abroad and disseminated as part of an fmln -fdr disinformation plan.    the representatives of our local subversive movements have said abroad that there is repression in el salvador.  only a government that imposes itself by force on its people can be described as a repressive government. our country never enjoyed so much freedom as now and its rulers were never chosen so freely as they are now. (end recording)    (gomez) (word indistinct) president duarte said the 18th oas regular meeting represents the latin american countries' support for the salvadoran democratic process.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(505, 505, '', -1.2925429344177246), (505, 509, ' foreigners who came to', -2.5250325202941895), (505, 512, ' foreigners who came to participate in this', -3.003993511199951)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>at a news conference in berlin on friday (4 november), volodia teitelboim, member of the political commission and secretariat of the pcch central committee, gave a report on the situation in chile following the referendum. he said that the people\'s resolute "no" in the referendum on 5 october must now be followed by the overthrow of pinochet and the return to democracy. the former senator said that the most urgent condition for the path into the future is the creation of a broad unity of all opposition forces which can win a victory over pinochet. he said that the communist party also considers cooperation, in particular with the socialists, a decisive step.    he said that quite a few things have changed in chile through the broad mass movement. high officers who served the dictator most loyally have had to resign now under pressure from the democratic public. in addition, it has just been reported that el siglo, the communist party newspaper, will be published again legally.    asked about the present conditions of the struggle, teitelboim said that the progressive forces in chile, who had to pay a high price for their resistance in the pinochet\'s 15-year rule, continue to be exposed to persecution, imprisonment, and threats of murder. the communist party, which has had the largest number of casualties and missing and tortured people since the dictatorship was established, continues to be banned.    nonetheless, the country is caught up in a wave of mobilization of the people. volodia teitelboim confirmed that the communist party supports the demand made by the opposition alliance to hold the presidential elections promised by the military junta for late 1989 at an earlier date, and to nominate a common presidential candidate. in addition, the constitution--on the basis of which pinochet intends to continue in office until march 1990 despite his defeat through the referendum--must be abolished to allow the people to decide on the country\'s future in freedom.    volodia teitelboim paid tribute to the gdr\'s consistent position in word and deed as a great example of international solidarity with the chilean people. he said that hundreds of patriots from his country have found a temporary home in the gdr, where they can live and work.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(355, 357, ' military j', -1.4361066818237305), (355, 355, '', -5.9869537353515625), (354, 357, ' the military j', -2.090981960296631)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>at a news conference in berlin on friday (4 november), volodia teitelboim, member of the political commission and secretariat of the pcch central committee, gave a report on the situation in chile following the referendum. he said that the people\'s resolute "no" in the referendum on 5 october must now be followed by the overthrow of pinochet and the return to democracy. the former senator said that the most urgent condition for the path into the future is the creation of a broad unity of all opposition forces which can win a victory over pinochet. he said that the communist party also considers cooperation, in particular with the socialists, a decisive step.    he said that quite a few things have changed in chile through the broad mass movement. high officers who served the dictator most loyally have had to resign now under pressure from the democratic public. in addition, it has just been reported that el siglo, the communist party newspaper, will be published again legally.    asked about the present conditions of the struggle, teitelboim said that the progressive forces in chile, who had to pay a high price for their resistance in the pinochet\'s 15-year rule, continue to be exposed to persecution, imprisonment, and threats of murder. the communist party, which has had the largest number of casualties and missing and tortured people since the dictatorship was established, continues to be banned.    nonetheless, the country is caught up in a wave of mobilization of the people. volodia teitelboim confirmed that the communist party supports the demand made by the opposition alliance to hold the presidential elections promised by the military junta for late 1989 at an earlier date, and to nominate a common presidential candidate. in addition, the constitution--on the basis of which pinochet intends to continue in office until march 1990 despite his defeat through the referendum--must be abolished to allow the people to decide on the country\'s future in freedom.    volodia teitelboim paid tribute to the gdr\'s consistent position in word and deed as a great example of international solidarity with the chilean people. he said that hundreds of patriots from his country have found a temporary home in the gdr, where they can live and work.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(355, 357, ' military j', 4.454048156738281), (354, 357, ' the military j', 4.273917198181152), (239, 240, ' progressive', 0.8792697191238403)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>at a news conference in berlin on friday (4 november), volodia teitelboim, member of the political commission and secretariat of the pcch central committee, gave a report on the situation in chile following the referendum. he said that the people\'s resolute "no" in the referendum on 5 october must now be followed by the overthrow of pinochet and the return to democracy. the former senator said that the most urgent condition for the path into the future is the creation of a broad unity of all opposition forces which can win a victory over pinochet. he said that the communist party also considers cooperation, in particular with the socialists, a decisive step.    he said that quite a few things have changed in chile through the broad mass movement. high officers who served the dictator most loyally have had to resign now under pressure from the democratic public. in addition, it has just been reported that el siglo, the communist party newspaper, will be published again legally.    asked about the present conditions of the struggle, teitelboim said that the progressive forces in chile, who had to pay a high price for their resistance in the pinochet\'s 15-year rule, continue to be exposed to persecution, imprisonment, and threats of murder. the communist party, which has had the largest number of casualties and missing and tortured people since the dictatorship was established, continues to be banned.    nonetheless, the country is caught up in a wave of mobilization of the people. volodia teitelboim confirmed that the communist party supports the demand made by the opposition alliance to hold the presidential elections promised by the military junta for late 1989 at an earlier date, and to nominate a common presidential candidate. in addition, the constitution--on the basis of which pinochet intends to continue in office until march 1990 despite his defeat through the referendum--must be abolished to allow the people to decide on the country\'s future in freedom.    volodia teitelboim paid tribute to the gdr\'s consistent position in word and deed as a great example of international solidarity with the chilean people. he said that hundreds of patriots from his country have found a temporary home in the gdr, where they can live and work.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(269, 276, ' persecution, imprisonment, and threats of', 8.62692642211914), (269, 277, ' persecution, imprisonment, and threats of murder', 6.424435615539551), (269, 271, ' persecution,', 3.048093795776367)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>at a news conference in berlin on friday (4 november), volodia teitelboim, member of the political commission and secretariat of the pcch central committee, gave a report on the situation in chile following the referendum. he said that the people\'s resolute "no" in the referendum on 5 october must now be followed by the overthrow of pinochet and the return to democracy. the former senator said that the most urgent condition for the path into the future is the creation of a broad unity of all opposition forces which can win a victory over pinochet. he said that the communist party also considers cooperation, in particular with the socialists, a decisive step.    he said that quite a few things have changed in chile through the broad mass movement. high officers who served the dictator most loyally have had to resign now under pressure from the democratic public. in addition, it has just been reported that el siglo, the communist party newspaper, will be published again legally.    asked about the present conditions of the struggle, teitelboim said that the progressive forces in chile, who had to pay a high price for their resistance in the pinochet\'s 15-year rule, continue to be exposed to persecution, imprisonment, and threats of murder. the communist party, which has had the largest number of casualties and missing and tortured people since the dictatorship was established, continues to be banned.    nonetheless, the country is caught up in a wave of mobilization of the people. volodia teitelboim confirmed that the communist party supports the demand made by the opposition alliance to hold the presidential elections promised by the military junta for late 1989 at an earlier date, and to nominate a common presidential candidate. in addition, the constitution--on the basis of which pinochet intends to continue in office until march 1990 despite his defeat through the referendum--must be abolished to allow the people to decide on the country\'s future in freedom.    volodia teitelboim paid tribute to the gdr\'s consistent position in word and deed as a great example of international solidarity with the chilean people. he said that hundreds of patriots from his country have found a temporary home in the gdr, where they can live and work.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(238, 242, ' progressive forces in ch', 0.582557737827301), (238, 239, ' progressive', 0.33123067021369934), (238, 253, ' progressive forces in chile, who had to pay a high price for their', -2.7334229946136475)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>at a news conference in berlin on friday (4 november), volodia teitelboim, member of the political commission and secretariat of the pcch central committee, gave a report on the situation in chile following the referendum. he said that the people\'s resolute "no" in the referendum on 5 october must now be followed by the overthrow of pinochet and the return to democracy. the former senator said that the most urgent condition for the path into the future is the creation of a broad unity of all opposition forces which can win a victory over pinochet. he said that the communist party also considers cooperation, in particular with the socialists, a decisive step.    he said that quite a few things have changed in chile through the broad mass movement. high officers who served the dictator most loyally have had to resign now under pressure from the democratic public. in addition, it has just been reported that el siglo, the communist party newspaper, will be published again legally.    asked about the present conditions of the struggle, teitelboim said that the progressive forces in chile, who had to pay a high price for their resistance in the pinochet\'s 15-year rule, continue to be exposed to persecution, imprisonment, and threats of murder. the communist party, which has had the largest number of casualties and missing and tortured people since the dictatorship was established, continues to be banned.    nonetheless, the country is caught up in a wave of mobilization of the people. volodia teitelboim confirmed that the communist party supports the demand made by the opposition alliance to hold the presidential elections promised by the military junta for late 1989 at an earlier date, and to nominate a common presidential candidate. in addition, the constitution--on the basis of which pinochet intends to continue in office until march 1990 despite his defeat through the referendum--must be abolished to allow the people to decide on the country\'s future in freedom.    volodia teitelboim paid tribute to the gdr\'s consistent position in word and deed as a great example of international solidarity with the chilean people. he said that hundreds of patriots from his country have found a temporary home in the gdr, where they can live and work.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(353, 356, ' the military j', 0.8205969333648682), (353, 354, ' the', -4.321925640106201), (354, 356, ' military j', 0.7846008539199829)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>dear listeners, we regret to inform you that at approximately 0400 this morning, four masked individuals stabbed pisco deputy prefect carlos soto sedice to death.    the criminals perpetrated this condemnable murder on the second floor of soto's house and threw the body down the stairs to the first floor.    pisco residents, who are deeply moved, have strongly condemned this horrible crime.    soto is the second outstanding apra leader to be killed in pisco. on 7 december 1987, professor carlos medrano vazquez, who won election by a landslide, was riddled with bullets.    the body of soto has been taken to the pisco central morgue. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 90, 'end_gold': 104, 'gold': ' condemned this horrible crime.    soto is the second outstanding', 'candidates': [(27, 29, ' four masked', 7.626949310302734), (27, 28, ' four', 6.43536376953125), (27, 49, ' four masked individuals stabbed pisco deputy prefect carlos soto sedice to death.    the', 4.64707088470459)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>dear listeners, we regret to inform you that at approximately 0400 this morning, four masked individuals stabbed pisco deputy prefect carlos soto sedice to death.    the criminals perpetrated this condemnable murder on the second floor of soto's house and threw the body down the stairs to the first floor.    pisco residents, who are deeply moved, have strongly condemned this horrible crime.    soto is the second outstanding apra leader to be killed in pisco. on 7 december 1987, professor carlos medrano vazquez, who won election by a landslide, was riddled with bullets.    the body of soto has been taken to the pisco central morgue. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(27, 29, ' four masked', 9.872186660766602), (27, 28, ' four', 7.225969314575195), (27, 49, ' four masked individuals stabbed pisco deputy prefect carlos soto sedice to death.    the', 6.554282188415527)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>dear listeners, we regret to inform you that at approximately 0400 this morning, four masked individuals stabbed pisco deputy prefect carlos soto sedice to death.    the criminals perpetrated this condemnable murder on the second floor of soto's house and threw the body down the stairs to the first floor.    pisco residents, who are deeply moved, have strongly condemned this horrible crime.    soto is the second outstanding apra leader to be killed in pisco. on 7 december 1987, professor carlos medrano vazquez, who won election by a landslide, was riddled with bullets.    the body of soto has been taken to the pisco central morgue. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(30, 40, ' pisco deputy prefect carlos soto sed', 0.8499858379364014), (30, 38, ' pisco deputy prefect carlos s', 0.4327220916748047), (30, 48, ' pisco deputy prefect carlos soto sedice to death.    the', 0.19661545753479004)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>dear listeners, we regret to inform you that at approximately 0400 this morning, four masked individuals stabbed pisco deputy prefect carlos soto sedice to death.    the criminals perpetrated this condemnable murder on the second floor of soto's house and threw the body down the stairs to the first floor.    pisco residents, who are deeply moved, have strongly condemned this horrible crime.    soto is the second outstanding apra leader to be killed in pisco. on 7 december 1987, professor carlos medrano vazquez, who won election by a landslide, was riddled with bullets.    the body of soto has been taken to the pisco central morgue. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 142, 'end_gold': 159, 'gold': '  the body of soto has been taken to the pisco central morgue.', 'candidates': [(30, 40, ' pisco deputy prefect carlos soto sed', 7.872917175292969), (30, 38, ' pisco deputy prefect carlos s', 7.506703853607178), (30, 42, ' pisco deputy prefect carlos soto sedice to', 6.311275959014893)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>dear listeners, we regret to inform you that at approximately 0400 this morning, four masked individuals stabbed pisco deputy prefect carlos soto sedice to death.    the criminals perpetrated this condemnable murder on the second floor of soto's house and threw the body down the stairs to the first floor.    pisco residents, who are deeply moved, have strongly condemned this horrible crime.    soto is the second outstanding apra leader to be killed in pisco. on 7 december 1987, professor carlos medrano vazquez, who won election by a landslide, was riddled with bullets.    the body of soto has been taken to the pisco central morgue. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(27, 28, ' masked', 7.959588050842285), (27, 48, ' masked individuals stabbed pisco deputy prefect carlos soto sedice to death.    the', 6.976215362548828), (27, 27, '', 4.153867244720459)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the movement of the revolutionary left (mir) has decided that in the next few months it will carry out "a struggle of the masses" to destabilize the military regime by "all forms of struggle." the mir rejected the strategy of dialogue advocated by the opposition\'s democratic sectors.    the mir added that it will "take advantage of any situation" and that it will use the electoral process by registering a leftist party.    mir spokesman jecar neghme talked to the press yesterday about the resolutions approved at the latest mir central committee meeting held on 6 and 7 november.  he said that it was the first meeting held in chile since july 1973.    neghme stated that in addition to political issues, the central committee also paid homage to raul pellegrin and cecilia magni, members of the manuel rodriguez patriotic front who were killed recently.    in a public communique, the mir criticized the opposition parties for "not listening to the national clamor for pinochet\'s resignation" and for giving priority to "a strategy of shady deals at the top level."    the communique adds: "although the document released by the 16 political parties focuses on some of the people\'s demands, its main defect is that by including the demands as part of a negotiating strategy and by making the mobilization tasks unclear, the demands of the chilean people will not be heard."    the mir also said that next year it will struggle for the immediate end of the regime and the constitution, the creation of a provisional government, the election of a constituent assembly, the strengthening of the united left, and the preparation of a "democratic and popular program" for the country.    the communique says that to achieve those goals the mir will promote a tactic "to destabilize the regime, to make the institutions illegitimate, to democratize the country, and to accumulate greater force."    the communique also points out that the mir will use "the limited possibility of participating in elections beginning in 1988." this is why the mir supports the registration of a leftist party: to prevent the exclusion of the left and "to promote the gains of the people."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(171, 181, ' raul pellegrin and cecilia magn', 6.232452392578125), (171, 190, ' raul pellegrin and cecilia magni, members of the manuel rodrig', 5.076749324798584), (171, 192, ' raul pellegrin and cecilia magni, members of the manuel rodriguez patriotic', 5.072431564331055)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the movement of the revolutionary left (mir) has decided that in the next few months it will carry out "a struggle of the masses" to destabilize the military regime by "all forms of struggle." the mir rejected the strategy of dialogue advocated by the opposition\'s democratic sectors.    the mir added that it will "take advantage of any situation" and that it will use the electoral process by registering a leftist party.    mir spokesman jecar neghme talked to the press yesterday about the resolutions approved at the latest mir central committee meeting held on 6 and 7 november.  he said that it was the first meeting held in chile since july 1973.    neghme stated that in addition to political issues, the central committee also paid homage to raul pellegrin and cecilia magni, members of the manuel rodriguez patriotic front who were killed recently.    in a public communique, the mir criticized the opposition parties for "not listening to the national clamor for pinochet\'s resignation" and for giving priority to "a strategy of shady deals at the top level."    the communique adds: "although the document released by the 16 political parties focuses on some of the people\'s demands, its main defect is that by including the demands as part of a negotiating strategy and by making the mobilization tasks unclear, the demands of the chilean people will not be heard."    the mir also said that next year it will struggle for the immediate end of the regime and the constitution, the creation of a provisional government, the election of a constituent assembly, the strengthening of the united left, and the preparation of a "democratic and popular program" for the country.    the communique says that to achieve those goals the mir will promote a tactic "to destabilize the regime, to make the institutions illegitimate, to democratize the country, and to accumulate greater force."    the communique also points out that the mir will use "the limited possibility of participating in elections beginning in 1988." this is why the mir supports the registration of a leftist party: to prevent the exclusion of the left and "to promote the gains of the people."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(61, 64, " opposition's democratic", 5.700441837310791), (61, 61, '', 1.1754553318023682), (61, 62, ' opposition', 1.140707015991211)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the movement of the revolutionary left (mir) has decided that in the next few months it will carry out "a struggle of the masses" to destabilize the military regime by "all forms of struggle." the mir rejected the strategy of dialogue advocated by the opposition\'s democratic sectors.    the mir added that it will "take advantage of any situation" and that it will use the electoral process by registering a leftist party.    mir spokesman jecar neghme talked to the press yesterday about the resolutions approved at the latest mir central committee meeting held on 6 and 7 november.  he said that it was the first meeting held in chile since july 1973.    neghme stated that in addition to political issues, the central committee also paid homage to raul pellegrin and cecilia magni, members of the manuel rodriguez patriotic front who were killed recently.    in a public communique, the mir criticized the opposition parties for "not listening to the national clamor for pinochet\'s resignation" and for giving priority to "a strategy of shady deals at the top level."    the communique adds: "although the document released by the 16 political parties focuses on some of the people\'s demands, its main defect is that by including the demands as part of a negotiating strategy and by making the mobilization tasks unclear, the demands of the chilean people will not be heard."    the mir also said that next year it will struggle for the immediate end of the regime and the constitution, the creation of a provisional government, the election of a constituent assembly, the strengthening of the united left, and the preparation of a "democratic and popular program" for the country.    the communique says that to achieve those goals the mir will promote a tactic "to destabilize the regime, to make the institutions illegitimate, to democratize the country, and to accumulate greater force."    the communique also points out that the mir will use "the limited possibility of participating in elections beginning in 1988." this is why the mir supports the registration of a leftist party: to prevent the exclusion of the left and "to promote the gains of the people."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(60, 63, " opposition's democratic", 1.1510447263717651), (60, 60, '', -1.500348687171936), (60, 61, ' opposition', -2.7740607261657715)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the movement of the revolutionary left (mir) has decided that in the next few months it will carry out "a struggle of the masses" to destabilize the military regime by "all forms of struggle." the mir rejected the strategy of dialogue advocated by the opposition\'s democratic sectors.    the mir added that it will "take advantage of any situation" and that it will use the electoral process by registering a leftist party.    mir spokesman jecar neghme talked to the press yesterday about the resolutions approved at the latest mir central committee meeting held on 6 and 7 november.  he said that it was the first meeting held in chile since july 1973.    neghme stated that in addition to political issues, the central committee also paid homage to raul pellegrin and cecilia magni, members of the manuel rodriguez patriotic front who were killed recently.    in a public communique, the mir criticized the opposition parties for "not listening to the national clamor for pinochet\'s resignation" and for giving priority to "a strategy of shady deals at the top level."    the communique adds: "although the document released by the 16 political parties focuses on some of the people\'s demands, its main defect is that by including the demands as part of a negotiating strategy and by making the mobilization tasks unclear, the demands of the chilean people will not be heard."    the mir also said that next year it will struggle for the immediate end of the regime and the constitution, the creation of a provisional government, the election of a constituent assembly, the strengthening of the united left, and the preparation of a "democratic and popular program" for the country.    the communique says that to achieve those goals the mir will promote a tactic "to destabilize the regime, to make the institutions illegitimate, to democratize the country, and to accumulate greater force."    the communique also points out that the mir will use "the limited possibility of participating in elections beginning in 1988." this is why the mir supports the registration of a leftist party: to prevent the exclusion of the left and "to promote the gains of the people."</s>', 'start_gold': 760, 'end_gold': 775, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(170, 180, ' raul pellegrin and cecilia magn', 12.643037796020508), (170, 189, ' raul pellegrin and cecilia magni, members of the manuel rodrig', 10.835765838623047), (170, 191, ' raul pellegrin and cecilia magni, members of the manuel rodriguez patriotic', 10.804536819458008)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the movement of the revolutionary left (mir) has decided that in the next few months it will carry out "a struggle of the masses" to destabilize the military regime by "all forms of struggle." the mir rejected the strategy of dialogue advocated by the opposition\'s democratic sectors.    the mir added that it will "take advantage of any situation" and that it will use the electoral process by registering a leftist party.    mir spokesman jecar neghme talked to the press yesterday about the resolutions approved at the latest mir central committee meeting held on 6 and 7 november.  he said that it was the first meeting held in chile since july 1973.    neghme stated that in addition to political issues, the central committee also paid homage to raul pellegrin and cecilia magni, members of the manuel rodriguez patriotic front who were killed recently.    in a public communique, the mir criticized the opposition parties for "not listening to the national clamor for pinochet\'s resignation" and for giving priority to "a strategy of shady deals at the top level."    the communique adds: "although the document released by the 16 political parties focuses on some of the people\'s demands, its main defect is that by including the demands as part of a negotiating strategy and by making the mobilization tasks unclear, the demands of the chilean people will not be heard."    the mir also said that next year it will struggle for the immediate end of the regime and the constitution, the creation of a provisional government, the election of a constituent assembly, the strengthening of the united left, and the preparation of a "democratic and popular program" for the country.    the communique says that to achieve those goals the mir will promote a tactic "to destabilize the regime, to make the institutions illegitimate, to democratize the country, and to accumulate greater force."    the communique also points out that the mir will use "the limited possibility of participating in elections beginning in 1988." this is why the mir supports the registration of a leftist party: to prevent the exclusion of the left and "to promote the gains of the people."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(210, 211, ' opposition', -4.311544418334961), (210, 237, ' opposition parties for "not listening to the national clamor for pinochet\'s resignation" and for giving priority to "a strategy of shady', -4.657504081726074), (210, 210, '', -7.0488104820251465)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>government minister andres vallejo yesterday again denied the claim of commanders joaquin and javier of the alfaro lives dammit subversive group that they have met with him. the rebel leaders maintain they have met on five occasions with the government within a framework of consultations and coordination proposed by president rodrigo borja. according to them, one of the meetings involved minister vallejo himself, who reportedly introduced them to a delegate of president borja for further talks.    nevertheless, vallejo did not rule out the possibility of holding talks with the guerrillas to achieve peace in the country. febres-cordero's administration refused to hold talks with the alfaro lives dammit and free homeland montoneras guerrilla groups because it considered them to be terrorist groups; it actually attacked these groups to the point of almost eliminating them.    vallejo pointed out that holding talks with the guerrillas would be a positive step. he recalled that the colombian administration of belisario betancur began a dialogue with genuine revolutionary armies to achieve peace in that country. he asked: why can we not hold talks here, where the guerrillas are still at an embryonic phase?    the possibility of government-guerrillas talks has been viewed differently. national congress president wilfrido lucero said on 25 november that the congress is neither tasked nor empowered to hold talks with the guerrillas. lucero refused to comment on the alleged talks, saying that he has received no information in this regard. he added: these kinds of problems are under the jurisdiction of others; it is not a concern of the national congress.    according to julio cesar trujillo, a former president of popular democracy, talks with guerrillas would be good for the country because they have useful ideas, some of which could be implemented. he added that not everything advocated by the guerrillas can be carried out because there are obstacles facing the good offices of the current rulers.    meanwhile, the social christian party of former president leon febres-cordero expressed concern over this possibility. it will meet tomorrow to discuss the topic and issue an statement. marco lara, president of that party and public information secretary during the previous administration, refused to comment on this.    while in quito (as heard), commanders joaquin and javier are proposing a broad and direct dialogue with rodrigo borja's regime; in guayaquil, leaders juan cubia and edgar prias, both in prison, and patricio baquerizo are rejecting a demand that the movement respect the law.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(23, 28, ' commanders joaquin and j', 4.183777809143066), (23, 38, ' commanders joaquin and javier of the alfaro lives dammit subversive', 1.345655918121338), (23, 48, ' commanders joaquin and javier of the alfaro lives dammit subversive group that they have met with him. the rebel', 1.2330987453460693)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>government minister andres vallejo yesterday again denied the claim of commanders joaquin and javier of the alfaro lives dammit subversive group that they have met with him. the rebel leaders maintain they have met on five occasions with the government within a framework of consultations and coordination proposed by president rodrigo borja. according to them, one of the meetings involved minister vallejo himself, who reportedly introduced them to a delegate of president borja for further talks.    nevertheless, vallejo did not rule out the possibility of holding talks with the guerrillas to achieve peace in the country. febres-cordero's administration refused to hold talks with the alfaro lives dammit and free homeland montoneras guerrilla groups because it considered them to be terrorist groups; it actually attacked these groups to the point of almost eliminating them.    vallejo pointed out that holding talks with the guerrillas would be a positive step. he recalled that the colombian administration of belisario betancur began a dialogue with genuine revolutionary armies to achieve peace in that country. he asked: why can we not hold talks here, where the guerrillas are still at an embryonic phase?    the possibility of government-guerrillas talks has been viewed differently. national congress president wilfrido lucero said on 25 november that the congress is neither tasked nor empowered to hold talks with the guerrillas. lucero refused to comment on the alleged talks, saying that he has received no information in this regard. he added: these kinds of problems are under the jurisdiction of others; it is not a concern of the national congress.    according to julio cesar trujillo, a former president of popular democracy, talks with guerrillas would be good for the country because they have useful ideas, some of which could be implemented. he added that not everything advocated by the guerrillas can be carried out because there are obstacles facing the good offices of the current rulers.    meanwhile, the social christian party of former president leon febres-cordero expressed concern over this possibility. it will meet tomorrow to discuss the topic and issue an statement. marco lara, president of that party and public information secretary during the previous administration, refused to comment on this.    while in quito (as heard), commanders joaquin and javier are proposing a broad and direct dialogue with rodrigo borja's regime; in guayaquil, leaders juan cubia and edgar prias, both in prison, and patricio baquerizo are rejecting a demand that the movement respect the law.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(126, 128, ' guerr', 4.402234077453613), (408, 410, ' guerr', 1.9526102542877197), (378, 380, ' guerr', 1.2183657884597778)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>government minister andres vallejo yesterday again denied the claim of commanders joaquin and javier of the alfaro lives dammit subversive group that they have met with him. the rebel leaders maintain they have met on five occasions with the government within a framework of consultations and coordination proposed by president rodrigo borja. according to them, one of the meetings involved minister vallejo himself, who reportedly introduced them to a delegate of president borja for further talks.    nevertheless, vallejo did not rule out the possibility of holding talks with the guerrillas to achieve peace in the country. febres-cordero's administration refused to hold talks with the alfaro lives dammit and free homeland montoneras guerrilla groups because it considered them to be terrorist groups; it actually attacked these groups to the point of almost eliminating them.    vallejo pointed out that holding talks with the guerrillas would be a positive step. he recalled that the colombian administration of belisario betancur began a dialogue with genuine revolutionary armies to achieve peace in that country. he asked: why can we not hold talks here, where the guerrillas are still at an embryonic phase?    the possibility of government-guerrillas talks has been viewed differently. national congress president wilfrido lucero said on 25 november that the congress is neither tasked nor empowered to hold talks with the guerrillas. lucero refused to comment on the alleged talks, saying that he has received no information in this regard. he added: these kinds of problems are under the jurisdiction of others; it is not a concern of the national congress.    according to julio cesar trujillo, a former president of popular democracy, talks with guerrillas would be good for the country because they have useful ideas, some of which could be implemented. he added that not everything advocated by the guerrillas can be carried out because there are obstacles facing the good offices of the current rulers.    meanwhile, the social christian party of former president leon febres-cordero expressed concern over this possibility. it will meet tomorrow to discuss the topic and issue an statement. marco lara, president of that party and public information secretary during the previous administration, refused to comment on this.    while in quito (as heard), commanders joaquin and javier are proposing a broad and direct dialogue with rodrigo borja's regime; in guayaquil, leaders juan cubia and edgar prias, both in prison, and patricio baquerizo are rejecting a demand that the movement respect the law.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(125, 127, ' guerr', 0.724000096321106), (125, 143, " guerrillas to achieve peace in the country. febres-cordero's", -2.7182459831237793), (199, 201, ' guerr', 0.519910454750061)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>government minister andres vallejo yesterday again denied the claim of commanders joaquin and javier of the alfaro lives dammit subversive group that they have met with him. the rebel leaders maintain they have met on five occasions with the government within a framework of consultations and coordination proposed by president rodrigo borja. according to them, one of the meetings involved minister vallejo himself, who reportedly introduced them to a delegate of president borja for further talks.    nevertheless, vallejo did not rule out the possibility of holding talks with the guerrillas to achieve peace in the country. febres-cordero's administration refused to hold talks with the alfaro lives dammit and free homeland montoneras guerrilla groups because it considered them to be terrorist groups; it actually attacked these groups to the point of almost eliminating them.    vallejo pointed out that holding talks with the guerrillas would be a positive step. he recalled that the colombian administration of belisario betancur began a dialogue with genuine revolutionary armies to achieve peace in that country. he asked: why can we not hold talks here, where the guerrillas are still at an embryonic phase?    the possibility of government-guerrillas talks has been viewed differently. national congress president wilfrido lucero said on 25 november that the congress is neither tasked nor empowered to hold talks with the guerrillas. lucero refused to comment on the alleged talks, saying that he has received no information in this regard. he added: these kinds of problems are under the jurisdiction of others; it is not a concern of the national congress.    according to julio cesar trujillo, a former president of popular democracy, talks with guerrillas would be good for the country because they have useful ideas, some of which could be implemented. he added that not everything advocated by the guerrillas can be carried out because there are obstacles facing the good offices of the current rulers.    meanwhile, the social christian party of former president leon febres-cordero expressed concern over this possibility. it will meet tomorrow to discuss the topic and issue an statement. marco lara, president of that party and public information secretary during the previous administration, refused to comment on this.    while in quito (as heard), commanders joaquin and javier are proposing a broad and direct dialogue with rodrigo borja's regime; in guayaquil, leaders juan cubia and edgar prias, both in prison, and patricio baquerizo are rejecting a demand that the movement respect the law.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(125, 127, ' guerr', 2.305838108062744), (199, 201, ' guerr', 0.3867515027523041), (124, 127, ' the guerr', 0.3356049656867981)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>government minister andres vallejo yesterday again denied the claim of commanders joaquin and javier of the alfaro lives dammit subversive group that they have met with him. the rebel leaders maintain they have met on five occasions with the government within a framework of consultations and coordination proposed by president rodrigo borja. according to them, one of the meetings involved minister vallejo himself, who reportedly introduced them to a delegate of president borja for further talks.    nevertheless, vallejo did not rule out the possibility of holding talks with the guerrillas to achieve peace in the country. febres-cordero's administration refused to hold talks with the alfaro lives dammit and free homeland montoneras guerrilla groups because it considered them to be terrorist groups; it actually attacked these groups to the point of almost eliminating them.    vallejo pointed out that holding talks with the guerrillas would be a positive step. he recalled that the colombian administration of belisario betancur began a dialogue with genuine revolutionary armies to achieve peace in that country. he asked: why can we not hold talks here, where the guerrillas are still at an embryonic phase?    the possibility of government-guerrillas talks has been viewed differently. national congress president wilfrido lucero said on 25 november that the congress is neither tasked nor empowered to hold talks with the guerrillas. lucero refused to comment on the alleged talks, saying that he has received no information in this regard. he added: these kinds of problems are under the jurisdiction of others; it is not a concern of the national congress.    according to julio cesar trujillo, a former president of popular democracy, talks with guerrillas would be good for the country because they have useful ideas, some of which could be implemented. he added that not everything advocated by the guerrillas can be carried out because there are obstacles facing the good offices of the current rulers.    meanwhile, the social christian party of former president leon febres-cordero expressed concern over this possibility. it will meet tomorrow to discuss the topic and issue an statement. marco lara, president of that party and public information secretary during the previous administration, refused to comment on this.    while in quito (as heard), commanders joaquin and javier are proposing a broad and direct dialogue with rodrigo borja's regime; in guayaquil, leaders juan cubia and edgar prias, both in prison, and patricio baquerizo are rejecting a demand that the movement respect the law.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(22, 27, ' commanders joaquin and j', 4.071533203125), (22, 37, ' commanders joaquin and javier of the alfaro lives dammit subversive', -0.06507551670074463), (22, 22, '', -0.10792684555053711)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>six guerrillas of a still unidentified group died today in a skirmish with army troops in morelia, caqueta department.    meanwhile, in ciudad bolivar, antioquia department, insurgents apparently belonging to the national liberation army placed a bomb in the city's administrative offices and also destroyed four farms, causing approximately 100 million pesos in damage.</s>", 'start_gold': 183, 'end_gold': 204, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(57, 64, ' insurgents apparently belonging to the national liberation', 4.621075630187988), (57, 57, '', 2.625321865081787), (57, 73, " insurgents apparently belonging to the national liberation army placed a bomb in the city's administrative", -0.17615699768066406)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>six guerrillas of a still unidentified group died today in a skirmish with army troops in morelia, caqueta department.    meanwhile, in ciudad bolivar, antioquia department, insurgents apparently belonging to the national liberation army placed a bomb in the city's administrative offices and also destroyed four farms, causing approximately 100 million pesos in damage.</s>", 'start_gold': 222, 'end_gold': 236, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(57, 64, ' insurgents apparently belonging to the national liberation', 6.827760696411133), (57, 57, '', 3.788400888442993), (57, 73, " insurgents apparently belonging to the national liberation army placed a bomb in the city's administrative", 1.5219427347183228)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>six guerrillas of a still unidentified group died today in a skirmish with army troops in morelia, caqueta department.    meanwhile, in ciudad bolivar, antioquia department, insurgents apparently belonging to the national liberation army placed a bomb in the city's administrative offices and also destroyed four farms, causing approximately 100 million pesos in damage.</s>", 'start_gold': 267, 'end_gold': 281, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(69, 72, " city's administrative", 1.0102384090423584), (69, 77, " city's administrative offices and also destroyed four", -0.573113203048706), (69, 86, " city's administrative offices and also destroyed four farms, causing approximately 100 million pesos in", -2.3941686153411865)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>six guerrillas of a still unidentified group died today in a skirmish with army troops in morelia, caqueta department.    meanwhile, in ciudad bolivar, antioquia department, insurgents apparently belonging to the national liberation army placed a bomb in the city's administrative offices and also destroyed four farms, causing approximately 100 million pesos in damage.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(9, 12, 'six guerr', 8.740182876586914), (9, 17, 'six guerrillas of a still unidentified', 7.468907356262207), (9, 26, 'six guerrillas of a still unidentified group died today in a skirmish with army', 6.107161521911621)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>six guerrillas of a still unidentified group died today in a skirmish with army troops in morelia, caqueta department.    meanwhile, in ciudad bolivar, antioquia department, insurgents apparently belonging to the national liberation army placed a bomb in the city's administrative offices and also destroyed four farms, causing approximately 100 million pesos in damage.</s>", 'start_gold': 255, 'end_gold': 266, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(56, 63, ' insurgents apparently belonging to the national liberation', 7.183937072753906), (56, 56, '', 4.2470703125), (56, 72, " insurgents apparently belonging to the national liberation army placed a bomb in the city's administrative", 2.3421435356140137)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>members of the bomb squad have deactivated a powerful bomb planted at the andres avelino caceres park, where president alan garcia was due to participate in the commemoration of the battle of tarapaca.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(13, 14, ' bomb', -3.7793493270874023), (13, 39, ' bomb squad have deactivated a powerful bomb planted at the andres avelino caceres park, where president alan gar', -6.687910079956055), (13, 13, '', -8.434000968933105)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>members of the bomb squad have deactivated a powerful bomb planted at the andres avelino caceres park, where president alan garcia was due to participate in the commemoration of the battle of tarapaca.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(13, 14, ' bomb', -4.167286396026611), (13, 39, ' bomb squad have deactivated a powerful bomb planted at the andres avelino caceres park, where president alan gar', -6.196258068084717), (13, 13, '', -7.465591907501221)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>members of the bomb squad have deactivated a powerful bomb planted at the andres avelino caceres park, where president alan garcia was due to participate in the commemoration of the battle of tarapaca.</s>', 'start_gold': 82, 'end_gold': 101, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(34, 38, ' president alan gar', -3.0179190635681152), (34, 53, ' president alan garcia was due to participate in the commemoration of the battle of tarap', -3.963301658630371), (34, 54, ' president alan garcia was due to participate in the commemoration of the battle of tarapaca', -5.408132076263428)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>members of the bomb squad have deactivated a powerful bomb planted at the andres avelino caceres park, where president alan garcia was due to participate in the commemoration of the battle of tarapaca.</s>', 'start_gold': 127, 'end_gold': 140, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(34, 38, ' president alan gar', -7.111453056335449), (34, 54, ' president alan garcia was due to participate in the commemoration of the battle of tarapaca', -8.49100112915039), (34, 53, ' president alan garcia was due to participate in the commemoration of the battle of tarap', -8.772235870361328)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>members of the bomb squad have deactivated a powerful bomb planted at the andres avelino caceres park, where president alan garcia was due to participate in the commemoration of the battle of tarapaca.</s>', 'start_gold': 23, 'end_gold': 34, 'gold': ' andres avelino caceres park, where', 'candidates': [(12, 13, ' bomb', 4.73355770111084), (12, 12, '', -1.6436138153076172), (12, 38, ' bomb squad have deactivated a powerful bomb planted at the andres avelino caceres park, where president alan gar', -1.8780534267425537)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>in venezuela, autopsies have been performed on 9 of the 14 fishermen--including 2 colombians--killed in el amparo. the autopsy reports are being widely discussed.  the investigations carried out by the venezuelan government directly involve the military authorities.    colombian foreign minister julio londono paredes has requested coordinated actions by the two countries to prevent such border incidents.    it was admitted that the remains of the fishermen were exhumed over the weekend. seven of them were exhumed on 26 november and six on 27 november in venezuela. the judicial report stated that there were no guerrilla clashes and that each was killed by a coup de grace of the venezuelan army.    the venezuelan investigative commission entrusted with clarifying the venezuelan military authorities' reasons for slaughtering 14 fishermen on 22 october in el amparo directly involve the security organizations.    the autopsies performed on nine bodies have established that the peasants of the border area did not have an armed clash with the military. on the contrary, they were shot at a distance less than 1 meter, which is what the two survivors said from the beginning. those survivors have now requested asylum in caracas from the mexican government.    (begin recording) (londono) we hope such incidents will decrease and that the venezuelan authorities along the border will coordinate with the colombian civilian and military authorities any actions for preserving--not only the lives of the colombians on either side of the border--peace and tranquillity in the border area. (end recording)    because 2 of the 14 murdered fishermen were colombians, londono paredes stated that the government will maintain its initial stand of demanding compensation for the relatives of the dead colombians. the government will also await an official notification from venezuela on the results of the investigations on the el amparo slaughter.</s>", 'start_gold': 254, 'end_gold': 267, 'gold': ' which is what the two survivors said from the beginning. those survivors', 'candidates': [(29, 32, ' 2 colomb', 1.8090460300445557), (29, 33, ' 2 colombians', -1.749051570892334), (29, 40, ' 2 colombians--killed in el amparo', -2.1115241050720215)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>in venezuela, autopsies have been performed on 9 of the 14 fishermen--including 2 colombians--killed in el amparo. the autopsy reports are being widely discussed.  the investigations carried out by the venezuelan government directly involve the military authorities.    colombian foreign minister julio londono paredes has requested coordinated actions by the two countries to prevent such border incidents.    it was admitted that the remains of the fishermen were exhumed over the weekend. seven of them were exhumed on 26 november and six on 27 november in venezuela. the judicial report stated that there were no guerrilla clashes and that each was killed by a coup de grace of the venezuelan army.    the venezuelan investigative commission entrusted with clarifying the venezuelan military authorities' reasons for slaughtering 14 fishermen on 22 october in el amparo directly involve the security organizations.    the autopsies performed on nine bodies have established that the peasants of the border area did not have an armed clash with the military. on the contrary, they were shot at a distance less than 1 meter, which is what the two survivors said from the beginning. those survivors have now requested asylum in caracas from the mexican government.    (begin recording) (londono) we hope such incidents will decrease and that the venezuelan authorities along the border will coordinate with the colombian civilian and military authorities any actions for preserving--not only the lives of the colombians on either side of the border--peace and tranquillity in the border area. (end recording)    because 2 of the 14 murdered fishermen were colombians, londono paredes stated that the government will maintain its initial stand of demanding compensation for the relatives of the dead colombians. the government will also await an official notification from venezuela on the results of the investigations on the el amparo slaughter.</s>", 'start_gold': 695, 'end_gold': 711, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(206, 207, ' security', 12.353759765625), (206, 206, '', 10.469444274902344), (206, 208, ' security organizations', 7.75017786026001)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>in venezuela, autopsies have been performed on 9 of the 14 fishermen--including 2 colombians--killed in el amparo. the autopsy reports are being widely discussed.  the investigations carried out by the venezuelan government directly involve the military authorities.    colombian foreign minister julio londono paredes has requested coordinated actions by the two countries to prevent such border incidents.    it was admitted that the remains of the fishermen were exhumed over the weekend. seven of them were exhumed on 26 november and six on 27 november in venezuela. the judicial report stated that there were no guerrilla clashes and that each was killed by a coup de grace of the venezuelan army.    the venezuelan investigative commission entrusted with clarifying the venezuelan military authorities' reasons for slaughtering 14 fishermen on 22 october in el amparo directly involve the security organizations.    the autopsies performed on nine bodies have established that the peasants of the border area did not have an armed clash with the military. on the contrary, they were shot at a distance less than 1 meter, which is what the two survivors said from the beginning. those survivors have now requested asylum in caracas from the mexican government.    (begin recording) (londono) we hope such incidents will decrease and that the venezuelan authorities along the border will coordinate with the colombian civilian and military authorities any actions for preserving--not only the lives of the colombians on either side of the border--peace and tranquillity in the border area. (end recording)    because 2 of the 14 murdered fishermen were colombians, londono paredes stated that the government will maintain its initial stand of demanding compensation for the relatives of the dead colombians. the government will also await an official notification from venezuela on the results of the investigations on the el amparo slaughter.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(222, 236, ' the peasants of the border area did not have an armed clash with the', -0.8877029418945312), (222, 227, ' the peasants of the border', -1.789994478225708), (222, 223, ' the', -2.4221229553222656)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>in venezuela, autopsies have been performed on 9 of the 14 fishermen--including 2 colombians--killed in el amparo. the autopsy reports are being widely discussed.  the investigations carried out by the venezuelan government directly involve the military authorities.    colombian foreign minister julio londono paredes has requested coordinated actions by the two countries to prevent such border incidents.    it was admitted that the remains of the fishermen were exhumed over the weekend. seven of them were exhumed on 26 november and six on 27 november in venezuela. the judicial report stated that there were no guerrilla clashes and that each was killed by a coup de grace of the venezuelan army.    the venezuelan investigative commission entrusted with clarifying the venezuelan military authorities' reasons for slaughtering 14 fishermen on 22 october in el amparo directly involve the security organizations.    the autopsies performed on nine bodies have established that the peasants of the border area did not have an armed clash with the military. on the contrary, they were shot at a distance less than 1 meter, which is what the two survivors said from the beginning. those survivors have now requested asylum in caracas from the mexican government.    (begin recording) (londono) we hope such incidents will decrease and that the venezuelan authorities along the border will coordinate with the colombian civilian and military authorities any actions for preserving--not only the lives of the colombians on either side of the border--peace and tranquillity in the border area. (end recording)    because 2 of the 14 murdered fishermen were colombians, londono paredes stated that the government will maintain its initial stand of demanding compensation for the relatives of the dead colombians. the government will also await an official notification from venezuela on the results of the investigations on the el amparo slaughter.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(25, 25, '', 6.665920734405518), (25, 31, ' fishermen--including 2 colomb', 5.376543998718262), (25, 38, ' fishermen--including 2 colombians--killed in el ampar', 3.1335361003875732)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>in venezuela, autopsies have been performed on 9 of the 14 fishermen--including 2 colombians--killed in el amparo. the autopsy reports are being widely discussed.  the investigations carried out by the venezuelan government directly involve the military authorities.    colombian foreign minister julio londono paredes has requested coordinated actions by the two countries to prevent such border incidents.    it was admitted that the remains of the fishermen were exhumed over the weekend. seven of them were exhumed on 26 november and six on 27 november in venezuela. the judicial report stated that there were no guerrilla clashes and that each was killed by a coup de grace of the venezuelan army.    the venezuelan investigative commission entrusted with clarifying the venezuelan military authorities' reasons for slaughtering 14 fishermen on 22 october in el amparo directly involve the security organizations.    the autopsies performed on nine bodies have established that the peasants of the border area did not have an armed clash with the military. on the contrary, they were shot at a distance less than 1 meter, which is what the two survivors said from the beginning. those survivors have now requested asylum in caracas from the mexican government.    (begin recording) (londono) we hope such incidents will decrease and that the venezuelan authorities along the border will coordinate with the colombian civilian and military authorities any actions for preserving--not only the lives of the colombians on either side of the border--peace and tranquillity in the border area. (end recording)    because 2 of the 14 murdered fishermen were colombians, londono paredes stated that the government will maintain its initial stand of demanding compensation for the relatives of the dead colombians. the government will also await an official notification from venezuela on the results of the investigations on the el amparo slaughter.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(235, 236, ' the', 5.49839448928833), (235, 237, ' the military', 0.43460047245025635), (162, 165, ' venezuelan', 4.035816669464111)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>colonel mauricio ernesto vargas, commander of the army's 3d brigade in san miguel, has stated that the armed forces is not involved in death squad actions and that such actions are contrary to the institution's regulations. vargas was referring specifically to the murder of three peasants in morazan, of which the army is being accused:    (begin recording) (vargas) our values and the values of the system we defend do not allow us to execute, kidnap, or steal. the system states we are to comply with our laws and let the responsible institutions determine guilt or innocence. we cannot be judge and jury in such situations.  (end recording)    the most recent case for which the army is being blamed is the murder of three peasants in yamabal canton, morazan, on 12 november. vargas denied armed forces complicity in these murders and stated that humanitarian organizations must investigate in cases of this nature so they can present evidence and accuse a specific sector. he added that he has evidence the army was not present in yamabal canton on the day of the triple murder:    (begin recording) (vargas) i directly accuse the fmln and tell the humanitarian organizations that are accusing the armed forces to investigate the fmln. the humanitarian organizations must not accept dialectic conclusions such as the ones made by the criminal joaquin villalobos, who said we executed and (words indistinct). they are not god. they talk as if the world belonged to them.  there are laws and a legal framework in this country.  our system has a legal framework, and we have to base ourselves on it. there are humanitarian organizations that have become corrupt and have become accomplices of the fmln's murder; they remain silent and do not defend justice, laws, and principles. regarding this case, i accuse the fmln of these deaths. we have evidence the fmln is responsible for the acts presently being reported in the northwestern zone. (end recording)    col vargas also criticized the work done by some humanitarian orgnizations and said they use human rights as an excuse to protect sectors that share their ideology.</s>", 'start_gold': 144, 'end_gold': 157, 'gold': ' and jury in such situations.  (end recording)  ', 'candidates': [(366, 376, ' humanitarian organizations that have become corrupt and have become accompl', 2.991422653198242), (366, 383, " humanitarian organizations that have become corrupt and have become accomplices of the fmln's", 2.3053460121154785), (366, 367, ' humanitarian', 1.939515471458435)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>colonel mauricio ernesto vargas, commander of the army's 3d brigade in san miguel, has stated that the armed forces is not involved in death squad actions and that such actions are contrary to the institution's regulations. vargas was referring specifically to the murder of three peasants in morazan, of which the army is being accused:    (begin recording) (vargas) our values and the values of the system we defend do not allow us to execute, kidnap, or steal. the system states we are to comply with our laws and let the responsible institutions determine guilt or innocence. we cannot be judge and jury in such situations.  (end recording)    the most recent case for which the army is being blamed is the murder of three peasants in yamabal canton, morazan, on 12 november. vargas denied armed forces complicity in these murders and stated that humanitarian organizations must investigate in cases of this nature so they can present evidence and accuse a specific sector. he added that he has evidence the army was not present in yamabal canton on the day of the triple murder:    (begin recording) (vargas) i directly accuse the fmln and tell the humanitarian organizations that are accusing the armed forces to investigate the fmln. the humanitarian organizations must not accept dialectic conclusions such as the ones made by the criminal joaquin villalobos, who said we executed and (words indistinct). they are not god. they talk as if the world belonged to them.  there are laws and a legal framework in this country.  our system has a legal framework, and we have to base ourselves on it. there are humanitarian organizations that have become corrupt and have become accomplices of the fmln's murder; they remain silent and do not defend justice, laws, and principles. regarding this case, i accuse the fmln of these deaths. we have evidence the fmln is responsible for the acts presently being reported in the northwestern zone. (end recording)    col vargas also criticized the work done by some humanitarian orgnizations and said they use human rights as an excuse to protect sectors that share their ideology.</s>", 'start_gold': 59, 'end_gold': 72, 'gold': ' regulations. vargas was referring specifically to the murder of three', 'candidates': [(366, 367, ' humanitarian', 9.492443084716797), (366, 383, " humanitarian organizations that have become corrupt and have become accomplices of the fmln's", 9.139322280883789), (366, 376, ' humanitarian organizations that have become corrupt and have become accompl', 8.637375831604004)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>colonel mauricio ernesto vargas, commander of the army's 3d brigade in san miguel, has stated that the armed forces is not involved in death squad actions and that such actions are contrary to the institution's regulations. vargas was referring specifically to the murder of three peasants in morazan, of which the army is being accused:    (begin recording) (vargas) our values and the values of the system we defend do not allow us to execute, kidnap, or steal. the system states we are to comply with our laws and let the responsible institutions determine guilt or innocence. we cannot be judge and jury in such situations.  (end recording)    the most recent case for which the army is being blamed is the murder of three peasants in yamabal canton, morazan, on 12 november. vargas denied armed forces complicity in these murders and stated that humanitarian organizations must investigate in cases of this nature so they can present evidence and accuse a specific sector. he added that he has evidence the army was not present in yamabal canton on the day of the triple murder:    (begin recording) (vargas) i directly accuse the fmln and tell the humanitarian organizations that are accusing the armed forces to investigate the fmln. the humanitarian organizations must not accept dialectic conclusions such as the ones made by the criminal joaquin villalobos, who said we executed and (words indistinct). they are not god. they talk as if the world belonged to them.  there are laws and a legal framework in this country.  our system has a legal framework, and we have to base ourselves on it. there are humanitarian organizations that have become corrupt and have become accomplices of the fmln's murder; they remain silent and do not defend justice, laws, and principles. regarding this case, i accuse the fmln of these deaths. we have evidence the fmln is responsible for the acts presently being reported in the northwestern zone. (end recording)    col vargas also criticized the work done by some humanitarian orgnizations and said they use human rights as an excuse to protect sectors that share their ideology.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(70, 71, ' three', -2.840339183807373), (70, 83, ' three peasants in morazan, of which the army is being', -4.243133068084717), (70, 75, ' three peasants in moraz', -4.556890964508057)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>colonel mauricio ernesto vargas, commander of the army's 3d brigade in san miguel, has stated that the armed forces is not involved in death squad actions and that such actions are contrary to the institution's regulations. vargas was referring specifically to the murder of three peasants in morazan, of which the army is being accused:    (begin recording) (vargas) our values and the values of the system we defend do not allow us to execute, kidnap, or steal. the system states we are to comply with our laws and let the responsible institutions determine guilt or innocence. we cannot be judge and jury in such situations.  (end recording)    the most recent case for which the army is being blamed is the murder of three peasants in yamabal canton, morazan, on 12 november. vargas denied armed forces complicity in these murders and stated that humanitarian organizations must investigate in cases of this nature so they can present evidence and accuse a specific sector. he added that he has evidence the army was not present in yamabal canton on the day of the triple murder:    (begin recording) (vargas) i directly accuse the fmln and tell the humanitarian organizations that are accusing the armed forces to investigate the fmln. the humanitarian organizations must not accept dialectic conclusions such as the ones made by the criminal joaquin villalobos, who said we executed and (words indistinct). they are not god. they talk as if the world belonged to them.  there are laws and a legal framework in this country.  our system has a legal framework, and we have to base ourselves on it. there are humanitarian organizations that have become corrupt and have become accomplices of the fmln's murder; they remain silent and do not defend justice, laws, and principles. regarding this case, i accuse the fmln of these deaths. we have evidence the fmln is responsible for the acts presently being reported in the northwestern zone. (end recording)    col vargas also criticized the work done by some humanitarian orgnizations and said they use human rights as an excuse to protect sectors that share their ideology.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(70, 71, ' three', 3.5316033363342285), (70, 75, ' three peasants in moraz', 1.4106758832931519), (70, 83, ' three peasants in morazan, of which the army is being', 0.22342002391815186)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>colonel mauricio ernesto vargas, commander of the army's 3d brigade in san miguel, has stated that the armed forces is not involved in death squad actions and that such actions are contrary to the institution's regulations. vargas was referring specifically to the murder of three peasants in morazan, of which the army is being accused:    (begin recording) (vargas) our values and the values of the system we defend do not allow us to execute, kidnap, or steal. the system states we are to comply with our laws and let the responsible institutions determine guilt or innocence. we cannot be judge and jury in such situations.  (end recording)    the most recent case for which the army is being blamed is the murder of three peasants in yamabal canton, morazan, on 12 november. vargas denied armed forces complicity in these murders and stated that humanitarian organizations must investigate in cases of this nature so they can present evidence and accuse a specific sector. he added that he has evidence the army was not present in yamabal canton on the day of the triple murder:    (begin recording) (vargas) i directly accuse the fmln and tell the humanitarian organizations that are accusing the armed forces to investigate the fmln. the humanitarian organizations must not accept dialectic conclusions such as the ones made by the criminal joaquin villalobos, who said we executed and (words indistinct). they are not god. they talk as if the world belonged to them.  there are laws and a legal framework in this country.  our system has a legal framework, and we have to base ourselves on it. there are humanitarian organizations that have become corrupt and have become accomplices of the fmln's murder; they remain silent and do not defend justice, laws, and principles. regarding this case, i accuse the fmln of these deaths. we have evidence the fmln is responsible for the acts presently being reported in the northwestern zone. (end recording)    col vargas also criticized the work done by some humanitarian orgnizations and said they use human rights as an excuse to protect sectors that share their ideology.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(271, 272, ' humanitarian', 0.586683988571167), (271, 278, ' humanitarian organizations that are accusing the armed', 0.02668142318725586), (271, 288, ' humanitarian organizations that are accusing the armed forces to investigate the fmln. the humanitarian', -2.364011526107788)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>twenty-six people, four of whom are policemen, were injured in a bomb explosion that occurred before dawn on 30 october. the bomb was placed in a dance hall in ayacucho, a city located south of lima.    the local press today reported that the police have attributed the attack to terrorists who used a home-made bomb called "russian cheese." this bomb is made up of powder, tacks, pieces of iron, and steel wire. it explodes when it touches the floor.    ayacucho was the site of a similar explosion on 3 july when several unidentified people hurled explosives at a dance hall where the music group "los shapis" was playing. the "los shapis" music group has received death threats from the "shining path" guerrilla group because the latter believes "los shapis" play alienating music.    according to police sources, the "shining path," which began its activities in ayacucho in may 1980, is responsible for the death of about 12,000 people and material losses estimated at $10 billion.</s>', 'start_gold': 289, 'end_gold': 302, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(75, 75, '', 7.052891254425049), (75, 88, ' terrorists who used a home-made bomb called "russian cheese', 4.368564605712891), (75, 82, ' terrorists who used a home-made', 3.2829411029815674)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>twenty-six people, four of whom are policemen, were injured in a bomb explosion that occurred before dawn on 30 october. the bomb was placed in a dance hall in ayacucho, a city located south of lima.    the local press today reported that the police have attributed the attack to terrorists who used a home-made bomb called "russian cheese." this bomb is made up of powder, tacks, pieces of iron, and steel wire. it explodes when it touches the floor.    ayacucho was the site of a similar explosion on 3 july when several unidentified people hurled explosives at a dance hall where the music group "los shapis" was playing. the "los shapis" music group has received death threats from the "shining path" guerrilla group because the latter believes "los shapis" play alienating music.    according to police sources, the "shining path," which began its activities in ayacucho in may 1980, is responsible for the death of about 12,000 people and material losses estimated at $10 billion.</s>', 'start_gold': 700, 'end_gold': 714, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(75, 75, '', 8.336448669433594), (75, 88, ' terrorists who used a home-made bomb called "russian cheese', 3.702871322631836), (75, 82, ' terrorists who used a home-made', 3.108152389526367)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>twenty-six people, four of whom are policemen, were injured in a bomb explosion that occurred before dawn on 30 october. the bomb was placed in a dance hall in ayacucho, a city located south of lima.    the local press today reported that the police have attributed the attack to terrorists who used a home-made bomb called "russian cheese." this bomb is made up of powder, tacks, pieces of iron, and steel wire. it explodes when it touches the floor.    ayacucho was the site of a similar explosion on 3 july when several unidentified people hurled explosives at a dance hall where the music group "los shapis" was playing. the "los shapis" music group has received death threats from the "shining path" guerrilla group because the latter believes "los shapis" play alienating music.    according to police sources, the "shining path," which began its activities in ayacucho in may 1980, is responsible for the death of about 12,000 people and material losses estimated at $10 billion.</s>', 'start_gold': 154, 'end_gold': 167, 'gold': ' playing. the "los shapis" music group has received', 'candidates': [(74, 74, '', -2.4055259227752686), (74, 87, ' terrorists who used a home-made bomb called "russian cheese', -2.971341848373413), (74, 86, ' terrorists who used a home-made bomb called "russian', -3.8213255405426025)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>twenty-six people, four of whom are policemen, were injured in a bomb explosion that occurred before dawn on 30 october. the bomb was placed in a dance hall in ayacucho, a city located south of lima.    the local press today reported that the police have attributed the attack to terrorists who used a home-made bomb called "russian cheese." this bomb is made up of powder, tacks, pieces of iron, and steel wire. it explodes when it touches the floor.    ayacucho was the site of a similar explosion on 3 july when several unidentified people hurled explosives at a dance hall where the music group "los shapis" was playing. the "los shapis" music group has received death threats from the "shining path" guerrilla group because the latter believes "los shapis" play alienating music.    according to police sources, the "shining path," which began its activities in ayacucho in may 1980, is responsible for the death of about 12,000 people and material losses estimated at $10 billion.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(15, 19, ' four of whom are', 10.081256866455078), (15, 20, ' four of whom are policemen', 6.032537460327148), (15, 22, ' four of whom are policemen, were', 5.639181137084961)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>twenty-six people, four of whom are policemen, were injured in a bomb explosion that occurred before dawn on 30 october. the bomb was placed in a dance hall in ayacucho, a city located south of lima.    the local press today reported that the police have attributed the attack to terrorists who used a home-made bomb called "russian cheese." this bomb is made up of powder, tacks, pieces of iron, and steel wire. it explodes when it touches the floor.    ayacucho was the site of a similar explosion on 3 july when several unidentified people hurled explosives at a dance hall where the music group "los shapis" was playing. the "los shapis" music group has received death threats from the "shining path" guerrilla group because the latter believes "los shapis" play alienating music.    according to police sources, the "shining path," which began its activities in ayacucho in may 1980, is responsible for the death of about 12,000 people and material losses estimated at $10 billion.</s>', 'start_gold': 73, 'end_gold': 84, 'gold': ' to terrorists who used a home-made bomb called "', 'candidates': [(74, 74, '', 4.7713141441345215), (74, 87, ' terrorists who used a home-made bomb called "russian cheese', 4.635305404663086), (74, 86, ' terrorists who used a home-made bomb called "russian', 3.089879035949707)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>barranquilla -- a 45 percent cut in available electric power is currently in effect along the entire colombian atlantic coast. today is the 5th day of the energy crisis in the atlantic region, which was caused by the destruction of seven power towers of the national energy network.    only four corelca (electric corporation of the atlantic coast) units are working and generating 440 megawatts, while other corelca units are facing many operational problems due to a lack of gas.    the atlantic hydroelectric plant is generating approximately 70 megawatts. atlantic hydroelectric plant director eduardo velar de la rosa estimated that the electricity rationing will continue for another 5 days until the power towers blown up by terrorists (words indistinct) are repaired.</s>', 'start_gold': 741, 'end_gold': 754, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(168, 168, '', 9.710256576538086), (168, 173, ' terrorists (words indistinct', 4.695481300354004), (168, 176, ' terrorists (words indistinct) are repaired', 4.083658695220947)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>barranquilla -- a 45 percent cut in available electric power is currently in effect along the entire colombian atlantic coast. today is the 5th day of the energy crisis in the atlantic region, which was caused by the destruction of seven power towers of the national energy network.    only four corelca (electric corporation of the atlantic coast) units are working and generating 440 megawatts, while other corelca units are facing many operational problems due to a lack of gas.    the atlantic hydroelectric plant is generating approximately 70 megawatts. atlantic hydroelectric plant director eduardo velar de la rosa estimated that the electricity rationing will continue for another 5 days until the power towers blown up by terrorists (words indistinct) are repaired.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(168, 168, '', 9.559121131896973), (168, 173, ' terrorists (words indistinct', 4.585982799530029), (168, 176, ' terrorists (words indistinct) are repaired', 4.05068302154541)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>barranquilla -- a 45 percent cut in available electric power is currently in effect along the entire colombian atlantic coast. today is the 5th day of the energy crisis in the atlantic region, which was caused by the destruction of seven power towers of the national energy network.    only four corelca (electric corporation of the atlantic coast) units are working and generating 440 megawatts, while other corelca units are facing many operational problems due to a lack of gas.    the atlantic hydroelectric plant is generating approximately 70 megawatts. atlantic hydroelectric plant director eduardo velar de la rosa estimated that the electricity rationing will continue for another 5 days until the power towers blown up by terrorists (words indistinct) are repaired.</s>', 'start_gold': 246, 'end_gold': 263, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(167, 167, '', 3.9855289459228516), (167, 175, ' terrorists (words indistinct) are repaired', -0.8522903919219971), (167, 171, ' terrorists (words indist', -1.514333963394165)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>barranquilla -- a 45 percent cut in available electric power is currently in effect along the entire colombian atlantic coast. today is the 5th day of the energy crisis in the atlantic region, which was caused by the destruction of seven power towers of the national energy network.    only four corelca (electric corporation of the atlantic coast) units are working and generating 440 megawatts, while other corelca units are facing many operational problems due to a lack of gas.    the atlantic hydroelectric plant is generating approximately 70 megawatts. atlantic hydroelectric plant director eduardo velar de la rosa estimated that the electricity rationing will continue for another 5 days until the power towers blown up by terrorists (words indistinct) are repaired.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(167, 167, '', 4.915849685668945), (167, 175, ' terrorists (words indistinct) are repaired', 0.4432344436645508), (167, 172, ' terrorists (words indistinct', -0.3619875907897949)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>barranquilla -- a 45 percent cut in available electric power is currently in effect along the entire colombian atlantic coast. today is the 5th day of the energy crisis in the atlantic region, which was caused by the destruction of seven power towers of the national energy network.    only four corelca (electric corporation of the atlantic coast) units are working and generating 440 megawatts, while other corelca units are facing many operational problems due to a lack of gas.    the atlantic hydroelectric plant is generating approximately 70 megawatts. atlantic hydroelectric plant director eduardo velar de la rosa estimated that the electricity rationing will continue for another 5 days until the power towers blown up by terrorists (words indistinct) are repaired.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(167, 167, '', 12.695819854736328), (167, 172, ' terrorists (words indistinct', 8.985841751098633), (167, 175, ' terrorists (words indistinct) are repaired', 7.190191268920898)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>eec and andean group officials have held meetings at the cartagena agreement board headquarters to program activities aimed at increasing trade ties between the two groups.    according to what the cartagena agreement board, a technical-community integration organization, reported today, the political agreements that were adopted by the andean-european joint commission in the meetings held in brussels in april are now being implemented through the holding of these talks.    the first meeting in lima will be to discuss fundamental issues such as the better use of the generalized preferential rates system that is implemented by the eec, the establishment of activities to promote trade, and the development of andean exports.    the implementation of these agreements not only encompass the strengthening of trade ties, but also industrial development and economic cooperation for development.    peter heisler, the chief of the eec delegation, said that this meeting shows "our willingness to cooperate."    according to statistics provided by the cartagena agreement board, in 1986 the andean group, comprised of bolivia, ecuador, colombia, peru, and venezuela, recorded a deficit of $266 million in its trade with eec countries.    this deficit in andean trade, which has not been recorded since 1982, when the foreign debt crisis exploded in andean group countries, is caused by the fall by almost 23 percent of andean exports, which in 1988 totaled $3.847 billion.    this deficit is also caused by an increase of 18 percent in andean imports from eec countries, worth $4.113 billion.    between 1970 and 1986, the andean group accumulated a trade deficit of $2.175 billion with the group of 12.    during this period, andean exports totaled $54.795 billion, while imports totaled $56.970 billion.    the cooperation agreement between the cartagena agreement board members and eec countries was signed on 17 december 1983 in cartagena, colombia.    later, the congresses of all the countries comprising the andean group approved the agreement while negotiations to implement them, particularly regarding trade, have been taking place since april 1988.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(10, 16, 'eec and andean group', 4.173645496368408), (10, 15, 'eec and andean', 4.166600704193115), (10, 39, 'eec and andean group officials have held meetings at the cartagena agreement board headquarters to program activities aimed at increasing trade ties between the two', 2.4446802139282227)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>eec and andean group officials have held meetings at the cartagena agreement board headquarters to program activities aimed at increasing trade ties between the two groups.    according to what the cartagena agreement board, a technical-community integration organization, reported today, the political agreements that were adopted by the andean-european joint commission in the meetings held in brussels in april are now being implemented through the holding of these talks.    the first meeting in lima will be to discuss fundamental issues such as the better use of the generalized preferential rates system that is implemented by the eec, the establishment of activities to promote trade, and the development of andean exports.    the implementation of these agreements not only encompass the strengthening of trade ties, but also industrial development and economic cooperation for development.    peter heisler, the chief of the eec delegation, said that this meeting shows "our willingness to cooperate."    according to statistics provided by the cartagena agreement board, in 1986 the andean group, comprised of bolivia, ecuador, colombia, peru, and venezuela, recorded a deficit of $266 million in its trade with eec countries.    this deficit in andean trade, which has not been recorded since 1982, when the foreign debt crisis exploded in andean group countries, is caused by the fall by almost 23 percent of andean exports, which in 1988 totaled $3.847 billion.    this deficit is also caused by an increase of 18 percent in andean imports from eec countries, worth $4.113 billion.    between 1970 and 1986, the andean group accumulated a trade deficit of $2.175 billion with the group of 12.    during this period, andean exports totaled $54.795 billion, while imports totaled $56.970 billion.    the cooperation agreement between the cartagena agreement board members and eec countries was signed on 17 december 1983 in cartagena, colombia.    later, the congresses of all the countries comprising the andean group approved the agreement while negotiations to implement them, particularly regarding trade, have been taking place since april 1988.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(10, 15, 'eec and andean', 7.063331604003906), (10, 16, 'eec and andean group', 6.533371925354004), (10, 14, 'eec and and', 5.4850263595581055)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>eec and andean group officials have held meetings at the cartagena agreement board headquarters to program activities aimed at increasing trade ties between the two groups.    according to what the cartagena agreement board, a technical-community integration organization, reported today, the political agreements that were adopted by the andean-european joint commission in the meetings held in brussels in april are now being implemented through the holding of these talks.    the first meeting in lima will be to discuss fundamental issues such as the better use of the generalized preferential rates system that is implemented by the eec, the establishment of activities to promote trade, and the development of andean exports.    the implementation of these agreements not only encompass the strengthening of trade ties, but also industrial development and economic cooperation for development.    peter heisler, the chief of the eec delegation, said that this meeting shows "our willingness to cooperate."    according to statistics provided by the cartagena agreement board, in 1986 the andean group, comprised of bolivia, ecuador, colombia, peru, and venezuela, recorded a deficit of $266 million in its trade with eec countries.    this deficit in andean trade, which has not been recorded since 1982, when the foreign debt crisis exploded in andean group countries, is caused by the fall by almost 23 percent of andean exports, which in 1988 totaled $3.847 billion.    this deficit is also caused by an increase of 18 percent in andean imports from eec countries, worth $4.113 billion.    between 1970 and 1986, the andean group accumulated a trade deficit of $2.175 billion with the group of 12.    during this period, andean exports totaled $54.795 billion, while imports totaled $56.970 billion.    the cooperation agreement between the cartagena agreement board members and eec countries was signed on 17 december 1983 in cartagena, colombia.    later, the congresses of all the countries comprising the andean group approved the agreement while negotiations to implement them, particularly regarding trade, have been taking place since april 1988.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(9, 38, 'eec and andean group officials have held meetings at the cartagena agreement board headquarters to program activities aimed at increasing trade ties between the two', 3.6943039894104004), (9, 14, 'eec and andean', 2.7184665203094482), (9, 15, 'eec and andean group', 2.1063804626464844)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>eec and andean group officials have held meetings at the cartagena agreement board headquarters to program activities aimed at increasing trade ties between the two groups.    according to what the cartagena agreement board, a technical-community integration organization, reported today, the political agreements that were adopted by the andean-european joint commission in the meetings held in brussels in april are now being implemented through the holding of these talks.    the first meeting in lima will be to discuss fundamental issues such as the better use of the generalized preferential rates system that is implemented by the eec, the establishment of activities to promote trade, and the development of andean exports.    the implementation of these agreements not only encompass the strengthening of trade ties, but also industrial development and economic cooperation for development.    peter heisler, the chief of the eec delegation, said that this meeting shows "our willingness to cooperate."    according to statistics provided by the cartagena agreement board, in 1986 the andean group, comprised of bolivia, ecuador, colombia, peru, and venezuela, recorded a deficit of $266 million in its trade with eec countries.    this deficit in andean trade, which has not been recorded since 1982, when the foreign debt crisis exploded in andean group countries, is caused by the fall by almost 23 percent of andean exports, which in 1988 totaled $3.847 billion.    this deficit is also caused by an increase of 18 percent in andean imports from eec countries, worth $4.113 billion.    between 1970 and 1986, the andean group accumulated a trade deficit of $2.175 billion with the group of 12.    during this period, andean exports totaled $54.795 billion, while imports totaled $56.970 billion.    the cooperation agreement between the cartagena agreement board members and eec countries was signed on 17 december 1983 in cartagena, colombia.    later, the congresses of all the countries comprising the andean group approved the agreement while negotiations to implement them, particularly regarding trade, have been taking place since april 1988.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(417, 419, ' eec', 1.9138462543487549), (417, 418, ' e', -0.6983447074890137), (417, 435, ' eec countries was signed on 17 december 1983 in cartagena, colombia', -2.54020094871521)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>eec and andean group officials have held meetings at the cartagena agreement board headquarters to program activities aimed at increasing trade ties between the two groups.    according to what the cartagena agreement board, a technical-community integration organization, reported today, the political agreements that were adopted by the andean-european joint commission in the meetings held in brussels in april are now being implemented through the holding of these talks.    the first meeting in lima will be to discuss fundamental issues such as the better use of the generalized preferential rates system that is implemented by the eec, the establishment of activities to promote trade, and the development of andean exports.    the implementation of these agreements not only encompass the strengthening of trade ties, but also industrial development and economic cooperation for development.    peter heisler, the chief of the eec delegation, said that this meeting shows "our willingness to cooperate."    according to statistics provided by the cartagena agreement board, in 1986 the andean group, comprised of bolivia, ecuador, colombia, peru, and venezuela, recorded a deficit of $266 million in its trade with eec countries.    this deficit in andean trade, which has not been recorded since 1982, when the foreign debt crisis exploded in andean group countries, is caused by the fall by almost 23 percent of andean exports, which in 1988 totaled $3.847 billion.    this deficit is also caused by an increase of 18 percent in andean imports from eec countries, worth $4.113 billion.    between 1970 and 1986, the andean group accumulated a trade deficit of $2.175 billion with the group of 12.    during this period, andean exports totaled $54.795 billion, while imports totaled $56.970 billion.    the cooperation agreement between the cartagena agreement board members and eec countries was signed on 17 december 1983 in cartagena, colombia.    later, the congresses of all the countries comprising the andean group approved the agreement while negotiations to implement them, particularly regarding trade, have been taking place since april 1988.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(417, 419, ' eec', -1.3671252727508545), (417, 418, ' e', -4.3509416580200195), (71, 78, ' andean-european joint', -1.1446295976638794)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>at least two people were killed and four were wounded early this morning during an fmln attack on the el angel sugar mill located near apopa.    the guerrilla action began at approximately midnight when about 50 guerrillas armed with rifles and mortars attacked the sugar mill, which is located 15 km north of san salvador. during the attack, the guerrillas partially destroyed the administrative offices of the sugar mill and a nearby house. the sugar processing equipment and machinery were not damaged. after about an hour, the insurgents withdrew. the number of fmln casualties is unknown. (passage omitted)    at the same time that this attack was taking place, the fmln staged harassment attacks on 1st infantry brigade units guarding the las canas bridge, which is located on the road from apopa to quezaltepeque. it has been unofficially reported that the army suffered two dead and two wounded in this attack, but this report was denied by the armed forces.    the two actions are part of a new fmln military maneuver that began yesterday with the attack on the national guard headquarters, where 4 guardsmen were killed and 30 wounded.</s>', 'start_gold': 212, 'end_gold': 228, 'gold': ' armed forces.    the two actions are part of a new fml', 'candidates': [(53, 55, ' guerr', 5.082893371582031), (53, 61, ' guerrillas armed with rifles and mort', 2.3056180477142334), (53, 65, ' guerrillas armed with rifles and mortars attacked the sugar', -0.08861899375915527)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>at least two people were killed and four were wounded early this morning during an fmln attack on the el angel sugar mill located near apopa.    the guerrilla action began at approximately midnight when about 50 guerrillas armed with rifles and mortars attacked the sugar mill, which is located 15 km north of san salvador. during the attack, the guerrillas partially destroyed the administrative offices of the sugar mill and a nearby house. the sugar processing equipment and machinery were not damaged. after about an hour, the insurgents withdrew. the number of fmln casualties is unknown. (passage omitted)    at the same time that this attack was taking place, the fmln staged harassment attacks on 1st infantry brigade units guarding the las canas bridge, which is located on the road from apopa to quezaltepeque. it has been unofficially reported that the army suffered two dead and two wounded in this attack, but this report was denied by the armed forces.    the two actions are part of a new fmln military maneuver that began yesterday with the attack on the national guard headquarters, where 4 guardsmen were killed and 30 wounded.</s>', 'start_gold': 92, 'end_gold': 105, 'gold': ' the sugar mill and a nearby house. the sugar processing equipment and', 'candidates': [(53, 55, ' guerr', 6.221305847167969), (53, 61, ' guerrillas armed with rifles and mort', 2.5117006301879883), (53, 65, ' guerrillas armed with rifles and mortars attacked the sugar', 0.7823600769042969)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>at least two people were killed and four were wounded early this morning during an fmln attack on the el angel sugar mill located near apopa.    the guerrilla action began at approximately midnight when about 50 guerrillas armed with rifles and mortars attacked the sugar mill, which is located 15 km north of san salvador. during the attack, the guerrillas partially destroyed the administrative offices of the sugar mill and a nearby house. the sugar processing equipment and machinery were not damaged. after about an hour, the insurgents withdrew. the number of fmln casualties is unknown. (passage omitted)    at the same time that this attack was taking place, the fmln staged harassment attacks on 1st infantry brigade units guarding the las canas bridge, which is located on the road from apopa to quezaltepeque. it has been unofficially reported that the army suffered two dead and two wounded in this attack, but this report was denied by the armed forces.    the two actions are part of a new fmln military maneuver that began yesterday with the attack on the national guard headquarters, where 4 guardsmen were killed and 30 wounded.</s>', 'start_gold': 110, 'end_gold': 124, 'gold': ' about an hour, the insurgents withdrew. the number of fmln', 'candidates': [(30, 33, ' el angel sugar', 3.2526628971099854), (30, 37, ' el angel sugar mill located near ap', 0.4561300277709961), (30, 38, ' el angel sugar mill located near apopa', 0.11995315551757812)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>at least two people were killed and four were wounded early this morning during an fmln attack on the el angel sugar mill located near apopa.    the guerrilla action began at approximately midnight when about 50 guerrillas armed with rifles and mortars attacked the sugar mill, which is located 15 km north of san salvador. during the attack, the guerrillas partially destroyed the administrative offices of the sugar mill and a nearby house. the sugar processing equipment and machinery were not damaged. after about an hour, the insurgents withdrew. the number of fmln casualties is unknown. (passage omitted)    at the same time that this attack was taking place, the fmln staged harassment attacks on 1st infantry brigade units guarding the las canas bridge, which is located on the road from apopa to quezaltepeque. it has been unofficially reported that the army suffered two dead and two wounded in this attack, but this report was denied by the armed forces.    the two actions are part of a new fmln military maneuver that began yesterday with the attack on the national guard headquarters, where 4 guardsmen were killed and 30 wounded.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(118, 126, ' the number of fmln casualties is', 1.9153183698654175), (118, 127, ' the number of fmln casualties is unknown', -1.2477105855941772), (118, 131, ' the number of fmln casualties is unknown. (passage', -2.0638904571533203)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>at least two people were killed and four were wounded early this morning during an fmln attack on the el angel sugar mill located near apopa.    the guerrilla action began at approximately midnight when about 50 guerrillas armed with rifles and mortars attacked the sugar mill, which is located 15 km north of san salvador. during the attack, the guerrillas partially destroyed the administrative offices of the sugar mill and a nearby house. the sugar processing equipment and machinery were not damaged. after about an hour, the insurgents withdrew. the number of fmln casualties is unknown. (passage omitted)    at the same time that this attack was taking place, the fmln staged harassment attacks on 1st infantry brigade units guarding the las canas bridge, which is located on the road from apopa to quezaltepeque. it has been unofficially reported that the army suffered two dead and two wounded in this attack, but this report was denied by the armed forces.    the two actions are part of a new fmln military maneuver that began yesterday with the attack on the national guard headquarters, where 4 guardsmen were killed and 30 wounded.</s>', 'start_gold': 242, 'end_gold': 254, 'gold': ' where 4 guardsmen were killed and 30 wounded.</s><pad>', 'candidates': [(52, 60, ' guerrillas armed with rifles and mort', 13.985158920288086), (52, 54, ' guerr', 12.963462829589844), (52, 64, ' guerrillas armed with rifles and mortars attacked the sugar', 6.853407859802246)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>a shootout has been reported between a group of guerrillas and joint antiterrorist forces in a mountainous region near san fernando.    it was unofficially reported that the terrorists might belong to the group that attacked the los quenes police station, which was completely destroyed and resulted in the killing of a carabinero.    it was said that the shootout occurred last wednesday and that there might have been casualties on both sides.  no official report, however, has been released because this incident is being kept in strict secrecy.    it was also reported that the shootout might have lasted 2 hours in the el melado area, a mountainous region near the city of san fernando. the terrorist attack took place near curico.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(50, 50, '', 4.310372352600098), (50, 63, ' terrorists might belong to the group that attacked the los quenes police', 3.747391700744629), (50, 55, ' terrorists might belong to the', 3.000210762023926)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>a shootout has been reported between a group of guerrillas and joint antiterrorist forces in a mountainous region near san fernando.    it was unofficially reported that the terrorists might belong to the group that attacked the los quenes police station, which was completely destroyed and resulted in the killing of a carabinero.    it was said that the shootout occurred last wednesday and that there might have been casualties on both sides.  no official report, however, has been released because this incident is being kept in strict secrecy.    it was also reported that the shootout might have lasted 2 hours in the el melado area, a mountainous region near the city of san fernando. the terrorist attack took place near curico.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(19, 28, ' guerrillas and joint antiterrorist', 7.114841461181641), (19, 21, ' guerr', 4.91725492477417), (19, 27, ' guerrillas and joint antiterror', 2.4362571239471436)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>a shootout has been reported between a group of guerrillas and joint antiterrorist forces in a mountainous region near san fernando.    it was unofficially reported that the terrorists might belong to the group that attacked the los quenes police station, which was completely destroyed and resulted in the killing of a carabinero.    it was said that the shootout occurred last wednesday and that there might have been casualties on both sides.  no official report, however, has been released because this incident is being kept in strict secrecy.    it was also reported that the shootout might have lasted 2 hours in the el melado area, a mountainous region near the city of san fernando. the terrorist attack took place near curico.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(58, 62, ' los quenes police', 4.844184875488281), (58, 63, ' los quenes police station', 0.9474306106567383), (58, 78, ' los quenes police station, which was completely destroyed and resulted in the killing of a carabinero', 0.0689094066619873)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>a shootout has been reported between a group of guerrillas and joint antiterrorist forces in a mountainous region near san fernando.    it was unofficially reported that the terrorists might belong to the group that attacked the los quenes police station, which was completely destroyed and resulted in the killing of a carabinero.    it was said that the shootout occurred last wednesday and that there might have been casualties on both sides.  no official report, however, has been released because this incident is being kept in strict secrecy.    it was also reported that the shootout might have lasted 2 hours in the el melado area, a mountainous region near the city of san fernando. the terrorist attack took place near curico.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(100, 101, ' both', 3.5972442626953125), (100, 102, ' both sides', 1.220524549484253), (100, 122, ' both sides.  no official report, however, has been released because this incident is being kept in strict secrecy', -1.0715655088424683)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>a shootout has been reported between a group of guerrillas and joint antiterrorist forces in a mountainous region near san fernando.    it was unofficially reported that the terrorists might belong to the group that attacked the los quenes police station, which was completely destroyed and resulted in the killing of a carabinero.    it was said that the shootout occurred last wednesday and that there might have been casualties on both sides.  no official report, however, has been released because this incident is being kept in strict secrecy.    it was also reported that the shootout might have lasted 2 hours in the el melado area, a mountainous region near the city of san fernando. the terrorist attack took place near curico.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(22, 27, ' joint antiterrorist', 8.283596992492676), (22, 49, ' joint antiterrorist forces in a mountainous region near san fernando.    it was unofficially reported that the', 4.13883113861084), (22, 26, ' joint antiterror', 1.369765043258667)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the armed forces have reported that two soldiers and one guerrilla were killed yesterday in fighting in san miguel and morazan departments. they also reported that the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office, court offices, and community center of dulce nombre de maria were dynamited by the fmln early this morning.    according to the reports, a large group of rebels entered the town and, after subduing the military guards, they dynamited the buildings. no casualties were reported.</s>', 'start_gold': 379, 'end_gold': 394, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(91, 91, '', 9.49793815612793), (91, 102, ' rebels entered the town and, after subduing the military', 4.618288993835449), (91, 108, ' rebels entered the town and, after subduing the military guards, they dynamited the', 3.8509726524353027)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the armed forces have reported that two soldiers and one guerrilla were killed yesterday in fighting in san miguel and morazan departments. they also reported that the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office, court offices, and community center of dulce nombre de maria were dynamited by the fmln early this morning.    according to the reports, a large group of rebels entered the town and, after subduing the military guards, they dynamited the buildings. no casualties were reported.</s>', 'start_gold': 323, 'end_gold': 336, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(91, 91, '', 10.015369415283203), (91, 108, ' rebels entered the town and, after subduing the military guards, they dynamited the', 4.443923473358154), (91, 102, ' rebels entered the town and, after subduing the military', 4.378396034240723)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the armed forces have reported that two soldiers and one guerrilla were killed yesterday in fighting in san miguel and morazan departments. they also reported that the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office, court offices, and community center of dulce nombre de maria were dynamited by the fmln early this morning.    according to the reports, a large group of rebels entered the town and, after subduing the military guards, they dynamited the buildings. no casualties were reported.</s>', 'start_gold': 239, 'end_gold': 251, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(100, 101, ' military', 0.23971620202064514), (100, 107, ' military guards, they dynamited the', -2.755741834640503), (100, 113, ' military guards, they dynamited the buildings. no casualties were reported', -3.0801680088043213)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the armed forces have reported that two soldiers and one guerrilla were killed yesterday in fighting in san miguel and morazan departments. they also reported that the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office, court offices, and community center of dulce nombre de maria were dynamited by the fmln early this morning.    according to the reports, a large group of rebels entered the town and, after subduing the military guards, they dynamited the buildings. no casualties were reported.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(15, 19, ' two soldiers and one', 2.9039065837860107), (15, 34, ' two soldiers and one guerrilla were killed yesterday in fighting in san miguel and morazan departments', -0.2335033416748047), (15, 33, ' two soldiers and one guerrilla were killed yesterday in fighting in san miguel and morazan', -0.2524998188018799)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the armed forces have reported that two soldiers and one guerrilla were killed yesterday in fighting in san miguel and morazan departments. they also reported that the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office, court offices, and community center of dulce nombre de maria were dynamited by the fmln early this morning.    according to the reports, a large group of rebels entered the town and, after subduing the military guards, they dynamited the buildings. no casualties were reported.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(71, 90, ' fmln early this morning.    according to the reports, a large group of', 3.0653257369995117), (71, 73, ' fml', 2.525845527648926), (71, 101, ' fmln early this morning.    according to the reports, a large group of rebels entered the town and, after subduing the military', 1.2247576713562012)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>i have been working jointly with the armed forces general staff--not just this week but for several months. i have to add that not only the national police are involved, but the public security forces and the military corps stationed here in san salvador. we have reinforcements from the countryside and are working on a joint plan to help minimize terrorist attacks that they will try to carry out and are carrying out at this very moment.    just to give you an example, right now we are waiting for a demonstration that is to begin at the national university.  there will be students together with unts (national union of salvadoran workers) members, who are going to march their usual route and end up at the park across from the cathedral.    i want to tell you that they are not going to have any problems as long as they obey the law. as i said a few days ago, we do not want confrontations with anyone.  what they want is to confront police and public security forces for the sake of creating a martyr, and we are unwilling to oblige them in this endeavor. (passage omitted)    (reporter) the attack against the national guard seems like a campaign against the security corps. we would like to know if the national police are on alert for an attack in view of the attacks against the national guard and the treasury police?    (guzman) as i said before, this is not new for us, and we are making plans. you notice that the general headquarters is close to homes. we have already seen in usulutan and in san francisco morazan where these people attacked without caring whether they destroyed private property or homes--even killing innocent civilians. we are not exempt from this here. we have a strategy. we even believe there is a possibility of an attack from inside the general headquarters--it is very possible, they have done it before. i remember when they bombed the service station here, destroying three or four vehicles, and they also placed bombs inside the general directorate office. we are doing all we can to try to avoid these problems. we are ready to face any situation. (passage omitted)    (reporter) what plans have you made for the upcoming oas general meeting, and what security responsibilities will the national police have in regard to this meeting?    (guzman) you must understand these are mainly military plans which we cannot very well disclose in advance.  if i started giving out this information, i would be exposing our security operation for the meeting. all i can say is that we are taking this situation very seriously. we have reinforcements from the countryside. not only is the national police involved, but the public security corps, as well as other units that have come from the countryside to support this common effort. (passage omitted) (end recording)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(559, 584, ' national police involved, but the public security corps, as well as other units that have come from the countryside to support this common', -6.243735313415527), (559, 567, ' national police involved, but the public security', -6.352341651916504), (503, 504, ' military', -4.068753719329834)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>i have been working jointly with the armed forces general staff--not just this week but for several months. i have to add that not only the national police are involved, but the public security forces and the military corps stationed here in san salvador. we have reinforcements from the countryside and are working on a joint plan to help minimize terrorist attacks that they will try to carry out and are carrying out at this very moment.    just to give you an example, right now we are waiting for a demonstration that is to begin at the national university.  there will be students together with unts (national union of salvadoran workers) members, who are going to march their usual route and end up at the park across from the cathedral.    i want to tell you that they are not going to have any problems as long as they obey the law. as i said a few days ago, we do not want confrontations with anyone.  what they want is to confront police and public security forces for the sake of creating a martyr, and we are unwilling to oblige them in this endeavor. (passage omitted)    (reporter) the attack against the national guard seems like a campaign against the security corps. we would like to know if the national police are on alert for an attack in view of the attacks against the national guard and the treasury police?    (guzman) as i said before, this is not new for us, and we are making plans. you notice that the general headquarters is close to homes. we have already seen in usulutan and in san francisco morazan where these people attacked without caring whether they destroyed private property or homes--even killing innocent civilians. we are not exempt from this here. we have a strategy. we even believe there is a possibility of an attack from inside the general headquarters--it is very possible, they have done it before. i remember when they bombed the service station here, destroying three or four vehicles, and they also placed bombs inside the general directorate office. we are doing all we can to try to avoid these problems. we are ready to face any situation. (passage omitted)    (reporter) what plans have you made for the upcoming oas general meeting, and what security responsibilities will the national police have in regard to this meeting?    (guzman) you must understand these are mainly military plans which we cannot very well disclose in advance.  if i started giving out this information, i would be exposing our security operation for the meeting. all i can say is that we are taking this situation very seriously. we have reinforcements from the countryside. not only is the national police involved, but the public security corps, as well as other units that have come from the countryside to support this common effort. (passage omitted) (end recording)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(559, 567, ' national police involved, but the public security', -3.082709789276123), (559, 584, ' national police involved, but the public security corps, as well as other units that have come from the countryside to support this common', -3.4147841930389404), (559, 560, ' national', -4.062565803527832)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>i have been working jointly with the armed forces general staff--not just this week but for several months. i have to add that not only the national police are involved, but the public security forces and the military corps stationed here in san salvador. we have reinforcements from the countryside and are working on a joint plan to help minimize terrorist attacks that they will try to carry out and are carrying out at this very moment.    just to give you an example, right now we are waiting for a demonstration that is to begin at the national university.  there will be students together with unts (national union of salvadoran workers) members, who are going to march their usual route and end up at the park across from the cathedral.    i want to tell you that they are not going to have any problems as long as they obey the law. as i said a few days ago, we do not want confrontations with anyone.  what they want is to confront police and public security forces for the sake of creating a martyr, and we are unwilling to oblige them in this endeavor. (passage omitted)    (reporter) the attack against the national guard seems like a campaign against the security corps. we would like to know if the national police are on alert for an attack in view of the attacks against the national guard and the treasury police?    (guzman) as i said before, this is not new for us, and we are making plans. you notice that the general headquarters is close to homes. we have already seen in usulutan and in san francisco morazan where these people attacked without caring whether they destroyed private property or homes--even killing innocent civilians. we are not exempt from this here. we have a strategy. we even believe there is a possibility of an attack from inside the general headquarters--it is very possible, they have done it before. i remember when they bombed the service station here, destroying three or four vehicles, and they also placed bombs inside the general directorate office. we are doing all we can to try to avoid these problems. we are ready to face any situation. (passage omitted)    (reporter) what plans have you made for the upcoming oas general meeting, and what security responsibilities will the national police have in regard to this meeting?    (guzman) you must understand these are mainly military plans which we cannot very well disclose in advance.  if i started giving out this information, i would be exposing our security operation for the meeting. all i can say is that we are taking this situation very seriously. we have reinforcements from the countryside. not only is the national police involved, but the public security corps, as well as other units that have come from the countryside to support this common effort. (passage omitted) (end recording)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(282, 287, ' national guard and the treasury', 2.795886516571045), (282, 288, ' national guard and the treasury police', 0.8155677914619446), (282, 283, ' national', 0.35377418994903564)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>i have been working jointly with the armed forces general staff--not just this week but for several months. i have to add that not only the national police are involved, but the public security forces and the military corps stationed here in san salvador. we have reinforcements from the countryside and are working on a joint plan to help minimize terrorist attacks that they will try to carry out and are carrying out at this very moment.    just to give you an example, right now we are waiting for a demonstration that is to begin at the national university.  there will be students together with unts (national union of salvadoran workers) members, who are going to march their usual route and end up at the park across from the cathedral.    i want to tell you that they are not going to have any problems as long as they obey the law. as i said a few days ago, we do not want confrontations with anyone.  what they want is to confront police and public security forces for the sake of creating a martyr, and we are unwilling to oblige them in this endeavor. (passage omitted)    (reporter) the attack against the national guard seems like a campaign against the security corps. we would like to know if the national police are on alert for an attack in view of the attacks against the national guard and the treasury police?    (guzman) as i said before, this is not new for us, and we are making plans. you notice that the general headquarters is close to homes. we have already seen in usulutan and in san francisco morazan where these people attacked without caring whether they destroyed private property or homes--even killing innocent civilians. we are not exempt from this here. we have a strategy. we even believe there is a possibility of an attack from inside the general headquarters--it is very possible, they have done it before. i remember when they bombed the service station here, destroying three or four vehicles, and they also placed bombs inside the general directorate office. we are doing all we can to try to avoid these problems. we are ready to face any situation. (passage omitted)    (reporter) what plans have you made for the upcoming oas general meeting, and what security responsibilities will the national police have in regard to this meeting?    (guzman) you must understand these are mainly military plans which we cannot very well disclose in advance.  if i started giving out this information, i would be exposing our security operation for the meeting. all i can say is that we are taking this situation very seriously. we have reinforcements from the countryside. not only is the national police involved, but the public security corps, as well as other units that have come from the countryside to support this common effort. (passage omitted) (end recording)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(256, 258, ' the security', -2.699479579925537), (256, 268, ' the security corps. we would like to know if the national', -6.348902702331543), (257, 258, ' security', -2.80027437210083)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>i have been working jointly with the armed forces general staff--not just this week but for several months. i have to add that not only the national police are involved, but the public security forces and the military corps stationed here in san salvador. we have reinforcements from the countryside and are working on a joint plan to help minimize terrorist attacks that they will try to carry out and are carrying out at this very moment.    just to give you an example, right now we are waiting for a demonstration that is to begin at the national university.  there will be students together with unts (national union of salvadoran workers) members, who are going to march their usual route and end up at the park across from the cathedral.    i want to tell you that they are not going to have any problems as long as they obey the law. as i said a few days ago, we do not want confrontations with anyone.  what they want is to confront police and public security forces for the sake of creating a martyr, and we are unwilling to oblige them in this endeavor. (passage omitted)    (reporter) the attack against the national guard seems like a campaign against the security corps. we would like to know if the national police are on alert for an attack in view of the attacks against the national guard and the treasury police?    (guzman) as i said before, this is not new for us, and we are making plans. you notice that the general headquarters is close to homes. we have already seen in usulutan and in san francisco morazan where these people attacked without caring whether they destroyed private property or homes--even killing innocent civilians. we are not exempt from this here. we have a strategy. we even believe there is a possibility of an attack from inside the general headquarters--it is very possible, they have done it before. i remember when they bombed the service station here, destroying three or four vehicles, and they also placed bombs inside the general directorate office. we are doing all we can to try to avoid these problems. we are ready to face any situation. (passage omitted)    (reporter) what plans have you made for the upcoming oas general meeting, and what security responsibilities will the national police have in regard to this meeting?    (guzman) you must understand these are mainly military plans which we cannot very well disclose in advance.  if i started giving out this information, i would be exposing our security operation for the meeting. all i can say is that we are taking this situation very seriously. we have reinforcements from the countryside. not only is the national police involved, but the public security corps, as well as other units that have come from the countryside to support this common effort. (passage omitted) (end recording)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(38, 51, ' national police are involved, but the public security forces and the military', -0.5644547343254089), (38, 57, ' national police are involved, but the public security forces and the military corps stationed here in san salv', -0.8621309399604797), (38, 47, ' national police are involved, but the public security', -1.0831224918365479)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the five individuals who were detained in the mountainous region of cocoan and are accused of belonging to the manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) terrorist organization are being held incommunicado at the social rehabilitation center.    the military prosecutor of cautin, rodolfo calsen, has 5 days, beginning today, to bring charges against them, and to either condemn or release them for lack of evidence.    the detainees, as previously reported, have been identified as maximiliano rivera, 31; aldo esteban mutarelo, 30; and a woman identified as angelica huerta huerta, 26. they were all detained in the catripulli sector, some 30 km from pucon, toward the mountains. two m-16 rifles were found on these individuals, along with ammunition, explosives, and subversive material.    two other people were later arrested. they were identified as adolfo mas stilman flores, 29, and arnaldo rivera. no weapons were found on them.    these detaintions were carried out last monday, 31 october, but the report was released to the communications media only yesterday afternoon (3 nov). the detainees are reportedly being held incommunicado while awaiting a resolution. if the deadline is not extended, we will have some news tomorrow on whether they will be submitted to trial or be acquitted for lack of evidence.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(30, 43, ' manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) terrorist', 9.820670127868652), (30, 36, ' manuel rodriguez patriotic', 7.433005332946777), (30, 34, ' manuel rodrig', 6.324178218841553)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the five individuals who were detained in the mountainous region of cocoan and are accused of belonging to the manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) terrorist organization are being held incommunicado at the social rehabilitation center.    the military prosecutor of cautin, rodolfo calsen, has 5 days, beginning today, to bring charges against them, and to either condemn or release them for lack of evidence.    the detainees, as previously reported, have been identified as maximiliano rivera, 31; aldo esteban mutarelo, 30; and a woman identified as angelica huerta huerta, 26. they were all detained in the catripulli sector, some 30 km from pucon, toward the mountains. two m-16 rifles were found on these individuals, along with ammunition, explosives, and subversive material.    two other people were later arrested. they were identified as adolfo mas stilman flores, 29, and arnaldo rivera. no weapons were found on them.    these detaintions were carried out last monday, 31 october, but the report was released to the communications media only yesterday afternoon (3 nov). the detainees are reportedly being held incommunicado while awaiting a resolution. if the deadline is not extended, we will have some news tomorrow on whether they will be submitted to trial or be acquitted for lack of evidence.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(30, 43, ' manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) terrorist', 10.581802368164062), (30, 36, ' manuel rodriguez patriotic', 9.623893737792969), (30, 41, ' manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr', 8.663403511047363)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the five individuals who were detained in the mountainous region of cocoan and are accused of belonging to the manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) terrorist organization are being held incommunicado at the social rehabilitation center.    the military prosecutor of cautin, rodolfo calsen, has 5 days, beginning today, to bring charges against them, and to either condemn or release them for lack of evidence.    the detainees, as previously reported, have been identified as maximiliano rivera, 31; aldo esteban mutarelo, 30; and a woman identified as angelica huerta huerta, 26. they were all detained in the catripulli sector, some 30 km from pucon, toward the mountains. two m-16 rifles were found on these individuals, along with ammunition, explosives, and subversive material.    two other people were later arrested. they were identified as adolfo mas stilman flores, 29, and arnaldo rivera. no weapons were found on them.    these detaintions were carried out last monday, 31 october, but the report was released to the communications media only yesterday afternoon (3 nov). the detainees are reportedly being held incommunicado while awaiting a resolution. if the deadline is not extended, we will have some news tomorrow on whether they will be submitted to trial or be acquitted for lack of evidence.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(112, 130, ' maximiliano rivera, 31; aldo esteban mutarelo,', -4.927493095397949), (112, 128, ' maximiliano rivera, 31; aldo esteban mutare', -5.717352390289307), (10, 35, ' five individuals who were detained in the mountainous region of cocoan and are accused of belonging to the manuel rodriguez patriotic', -3.979588508605957)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the five individuals who were detained in the mountainous region of cocoan and are accused of belonging to the manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) terrorist organization are being held incommunicado at the social rehabilitation center.    the military prosecutor of cautin, rodolfo calsen, has 5 days, beginning today, to bring charges against them, and to either condemn or release them for lack of evidence.    the detainees, as previously reported, have been identified as maximiliano rivera, 31; aldo esteban mutarelo, 30; and a woman identified as angelica huerta huerta, 26. they were all detained in the catripulli sector, some 30 km from pucon, toward the mountains. two m-16 rifles were found on these individuals, along with ammunition, explosives, and subversive material.    two other people were later arrested. they were identified as adolfo mas stilman flores, 29, and arnaldo rivera. no weapons were found on them.    these detaintions were carried out last monday, 31 october, but the report was released to the communications media only yesterday afternoon (3 nov). the detainees are reportedly being held incommunicado while awaiting a resolution. if the deadline is not extended, we will have some news tomorrow on whether they will be submitted to trial or be acquitted for lack of evidence.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(112, 130, ' maximiliano rivera, 31; aldo esteban mutarelo,', 3.039609432220459), (112, 134, ' maximiliano rivera, 31; aldo esteban mutarelo, 30; and a', 2.81339693069458), (112, 128, ' maximiliano rivera, 31; aldo esteban mutare', 2.187450885772705)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the five individuals who were detained in the mountainous region of cocoan and are accused of belonging to the manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) terrorist organization are being held incommunicado at the social rehabilitation center.    the military prosecutor of cautin, rodolfo calsen, has 5 days, beginning today, to bring charges against them, and to either condemn or release them for lack of evidence.    the detainees, as previously reported, have been identified as maximiliano rivera, 31; aldo esteban mutarelo, 30; and a woman identified as angelica huerta huerta, 26. they were all detained in the catripulli sector, some 30 km from pucon, toward the mountains. two m-16 rifles were found on these individuals, along with ammunition, explosives, and subversive material.    two other people were later arrested. they were identified as adolfo mas stilman flores, 29, and arnaldo rivera. no weapons were found on them.    these detaintions were carried out last monday, 31 october, but the report was released to the communications media only yesterday afternoon (3 nov). the detainees are reportedly being held incommunicado while awaiting a resolution. if the deadline is not extended, we will have some news tomorrow on whether they will be submitted to trial or be acquitted for lack of evidence.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(208, 225, ' adolfo mas stilman flores, 29, and arnaldo river', 9.17978286743164), (208, 226, ' adolfo mas stilman flores, 29, and arnaldo rivera', 7.793087005615234), (208, 232, ' adolfo mas stilman flores, 29, and arnaldo rivera. no weapons were found on', 5.827816963195801)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>luz leon, patriotic union (up) councilwoman for meta department, was seriously wounded today during an attack in villavicencio in which her husband, parmenides cuenca, was killed. the murderers have not yet been identified.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(54, 60, ' the murderers have not yet been', 3.3483829498291016), (54, 61, ' the murderers have not yet been identified', 2.8277719020843506), (54, 55, ' the', 1.942478060722351)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>luz leon, patriotic union (up) councilwoman for meta department, was seriously wounded today during an attack in villavicencio in which her husband, parmenides cuenca, was killed. the murderers have not yet been identified.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(54, 60, ' the murderers have not yet been', 1.507979393005371), (54, 61, ' the murderers have not yet been identified', 1.2313947677612305), (54, 55, ' the', 0.6005132794380188)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>luz leon, patriotic union (up) councilwoman for meta department, was seriously wounded today during an attack in villavicencio in which her husband, parmenides cuenca, was killed. the murderers have not yet been identified.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(53, 59, ' the murderers have not yet been', 2.2745163440704346), (53, 60, ' the murderers have not yet been identified', 2.009735584259033), (53, 54, ' the', -0.07660675048828125)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>luz leon, patriotic union (up) councilwoman for meta department, was seriously wounded today during an attack in villavicencio in which her husband, parmenides cuenca, was killed. the murderers have not yet been identified.</s>', 'start_gold': 8, 'end_gold': 22, 'gold': '</s>luz leon, patriotic union (up) councilwoman for', 'candidates': [(53, 59, ' the murderers have not yet been', 8.845865249633789), (53, 60, ' the murderers have not yet been identified', 7.923986434936523), (53, 54, ' the', 2.5340957641601562)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>luz leon, patriotic union (up) councilwoman for meta department, was seriously wounded today during an attack in villavicencio in which her husband, parmenides cuenca, was killed. the murderers have not yet been identified.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(53, 54, ' the', 4.189481258392334), (53, 59, ' the murderers have not yet been', 2.703119993209839), (53, 60, ' the murderers have not yet been identified', 2.424018383026123)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>carabineros have found four packets containing explosives at the foot of high tension electric tower no 657 of the colbun-machicura line.    the packets were found in plot no 5, el romeral sector, 2 km west of southern highway no 5.    the land belongs to ramon urrutia blanco.    each packet contained 2 kg of amonium gelignite, detonators, fuses, and timing devices.    specialized personnel believe that the bombs were planted a few days ago so that they could be activated at any time.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(75, 82, ' ramon urrutia bl', -3.9824953079223633), (75, 83, ' ramon urrutia blanco', -5.496516704559326), (75, 81, ' ramon urrutia', -8.8009033203125)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>carabineros have found four packets containing explosives at the foot of high tension electric tower no 657 of the colbun-machicura line.    the packets were found in plot no 5, el romeral sector, 2 km west of southern highway no 5.    the land belongs to ramon urrutia blanco.    each packet contained 2 kg of amonium gelignite, detonators, fuses, and timing devices.    specialized personnel believe that the bombs were planted a few days ago so that they could be activated at any time.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(75, 82, ' ramon urrutia bl', -0.6711099147796631), (75, 83, ' ramon urrutia blanco', -2.3883652687072754), (75, 81, ' ramon urrutia', -6.0584917068481445)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>carabineros have found four packets containing explosives at the foot of high tension electric tower no 657 of the colbun-machicura line.    the packets were found in plot no 5, el romeral sector, 2 km west of southern highway no 5.    the land belongs to ramon urrutia blanco.    each packet contained 2 kg of amonium gelignite, detonators, fuses, and timing devices.    specialized personnel believe that the bombs were planted a few days ago so that they could be activated at any time.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(74, 81, ' ramon urrutia bl', -1.8238091468811035), (74, 82, ' ramon urrutia blanco', -3.3807148933410645), (49, 65, ' plot no 5, el romeral sector, 2 km west of southern highway no', -2.626908302307129)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>carabineros have found four packets containing explosives at the foot of high tension electric tower no 657 of the colbun-machicura line.    the packets were found in plot no 5, el romeral sector, 2 km west of southern highway no 5.    the land belongs to ramon urrutia blanco.    each packet contained 2 kg of amonium gelignite, detonators, fuses, and timing devices.    specialized personnel believe that the bombs were planted a few days ago so that they could be activated at any time.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(74, 81, ' ramon urrutia bl', 0.7539695501327515), (74, 82, ' ramon urrutia blanco', -0.7554923295974731), (74, 75, ' ram', -5.522593021392822)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>carabineros have found four packets containing explosives at the foot of high tension electric tower no 657 of the colbun-machicura line.    the packets were found in plot no 5, el romeral sector, 2 km west of southern highway no 5.    the land belongs to ramon urrutia blanco.    each packet contained 2 kg of amonium gelignite, detonators, fuses, and timing devices.    specialized personnel believe that the bombs were planted a few days ago so that they could be activated at any time.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(74, 81, ' ramon urrutia bl', 1.65164315700531), (74, 82, ' ramon urrutia blanco', 0.039721786975860596), (74, 100, ' ramon urrutia blanco.    each packet contained 2 kg of amonium gelignite, deton', -1.133892297744751)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the local police have reported that national liberation army (eln) guerrillas today kidnapped the antioquia colombian civil defense (dcc) commander.    the police said major guillermo rodriguez velasquez, retired, was intercepted by an eln commando while traveling from doradal to medellin with sergeant miguel antonio avila barreto, also retired, who is the department's dcc recruiter.    the two dcc officials were returning to medellin when they were kidnapped 1 km from doradal.</s>", 'start_gold': 45, 'end_gold': 65, 'gold': '  the police said major guillermo rodriguez velasquez, retired, was intercepted by', 'candidates': [(16, 24, ' national liberation army (eln) guerr', 6.751595497131348), (16, 18, ' national liberation', 3.8737573623657227), (16, 21, ' national liberation army (eln', 1.5966004133224487)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the local police have reported that national liberation army (eln) guerrillas today kidnapped the antioquia colombian civil defense (dcc) commander.    the police said major guillermo rodriguez velasquez, retired, was intercepted by an eln commando while traveling from doradal to medellin with sergeant miguel antonio avila barreto, also retired, who is the department's dcc recruiter.    the two dcc officials were returning to medellin when they were kidnapped 1 km from doradal.</s>", 'start_gold': 45, 'end_gold': 59, 'gold': '  the police said major guillermo rodriguez velasquez', 'candidates': [(16, 24, ' national liberation army (eln) guerr', 11.301797866821289), (16, 18, ' national liberation', 8.51195240020752), (16, 21, ' national liberation army (eln', 7.095304012298584)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the local police have reported that national liberation army (eln) guerrillas today kidnapped the antioquia colombian civil defense (dcc) commander.    the police said major guillermo rodriguez velasquez, retired, was intercepted by an eln commando while traveling from doradal to medellin with sergeant miguel antonio avila barreto, also retired, who is the department's dcc recruiter.    the two dcc officials were returning to medellin when they were kidnapped 1 km from doradal.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(27, 40, ' antioquia colombian civil defense (dcc)', 5.049626350402832), (27, 41, ' antioquia colombian civil defense (dcc) commander', 4.032466411590576), (27, 35, ' antioquia colombian civil', 3.6700305938720703)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the local police have reported that national liberation army (eln) guerrillas today kidnapped the antioquia colombian civil defense (dcc) commander.    the police said major guillermo rodriguez velasquez, retired, was intercepted by an eln commando while traveling from doradal to medellin with sergeant miguel antonio avila barreto, also retired, who is the department's dcc recruiter.    the two dcc officials were returning to medellin when they were kidnapped 1 km from doradal.</s>", 'start_gold': 182, 'end_gold': 201, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(109, 112, ' two dcc', 9.718986511230469), (109, 118, ' two dcc officials were returning to medell', 5.189203262329102), (109, 128, ' two dcc officials were returning to medellin when they were kidnapped 1 km from dor', 4.789840221405029)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the local police have reported that national liberation army (eln) guerrillas today kidnapped the antioquia colombian civil defense (dcc) commander.    the police said major guillermo rodriguez velasquez, retired, was intercepted by an eln commando while traveling from doradal to medellin with sergeant miguel antonio avila barreto, also retired, who is the department's dcc recruiter.    the two dcc officials were returning to medellin when they were kidnapped 1 km from doradal.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(15, 23, ' national liberation army (eln) guerr', 4.419850826263428), (15, 17, ' national liberation', 3.1849937438964844), (15, 35, ' national liberation army (eln) guerrillas today kidnapped the antioquia colombian civil', 2.079819917678833)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>dear listeners, the minister has arrived and we welcome him and thank him for his participation in this segment. good morning.    (vides) good morning.    (reporter) violence has increased recently and the people are extremely worried. what are the armed forces doing to guarantee the people's welfare?    (vides) the salvadoran people's concern about increased terrorist violence is understandable. we must bear in mind that terrorist acts always escalate when important events are expected. this does not happen only in our country; we recently saw it in seoul, before the olympics, when groups resorted to violence to provoke the authorities and prevent an international event from taking place.    an oas meeting is scheduled to take place in this country in a few days. the event is being threatened by a number of acts, particularly terrorist acts in the san benito, max diaz, escalon, and san francisco neighborhoods.  the terrorists believe the people will protest against the oas meeting if they cause terror in those areas.    we are expecting foreign ministers from latin america, central america, and the united states, whom the terrorists believe will call off the meeting because of the situation in the country. that is the main reason for the increased violence.    you have seen that we have increased patrol operations recently. patrols are also being carried out around the volcanoes near san salvador. security measures are also being implemented on the periphery of san salvador and around the meeting venue, but i cannot give you the details. there is also a complete security plan for the officials who will participate in the oas meeting.    we are ready to reduce the possibility of an incident to a minimum. however, i have always been honest and i must admit there is always the possibility of sabotage or a terrorist act. this does not necessarily mean that it will affect the security measures in the area of the meeting. for example, a blackout can be caused by cutting off an electric line in a distant area.    (reporter) general, the fmln's attacks have not been so overwhelming in the past, yet now those attacks are attaining considerable military success. do the fmln's military actions mean it is superior to the armed forces?    (vides) we cannot conceive their military superiority under any circumstances. i have noticed the guerrilla leaders are currently visiting different countries, particularly the contadora group members. they are trying to gain support for reading a statement at the oas meeting, and they are also trying to pressure the salvadoran government into negotiating with them. this proves the rebels have failed militarily, and that failure has been brought about by our large-scale operations in northern chalatenango department and usulutan department, in the east of the country.    the rebels have tried to bring the war to urban areas.  however, the plans of subversive groups--i showed you the documents on their fire plan in another meeting--did not include the type of terrorist acts that we have seen lately. instead, they planned a general uprising and strike before the elections.    this proves, as i said, that the subversives could not develop their fire plan. they have carried out several acts but they have failed to achieve the expected results.  this is like having a cinema show a movie every day with no-one turning up to see it.    the subversives are trying to carry out this type of event right now to give the impression of military strength, so the oas will pass a resolution recommending negotiation to solve the conflict.    furthermore, the rebels are trying to discredit the democratic process and boycott our next elections because some people are demoralized by terrorism and lack the will to participate in politics, which makes the election results unsatisfactory. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(514, 518, ' contadora group', 8.735710144042969), (514, 517, ' contadora', 5.604071617126465), (514, 516, ' contad', 5.125148296356201)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>dear listeners, the minister has arrived and we welcome him and thank him for his participation in this segment. good morning.    (vides) good morning.    (reporter) violence has increased recently and the people are extremely worried. what are the armed forces doing to guarantee the people's welfare?    (vides) the salvadoran people's concern about increased terrorist violence is understandable. we must bear in mind that terrorist acts always escalate when important events are expected. this does not happen only in our country; we recently saw it in seoul, before the olympics, when groups resorted to violence to provoke the authorities and prevent an international event from taking place.    an oas meeting is scheduled to take place in this country in a few days. the event is being threatened by a number of acts, particularly terrorist acts in the san benito, max diaz, escalon, and san francisco neighborhoods.  the terrorists believe the people will protest against the oas meeting if they cause terror in those areas.    we are expecting foreign ministers from latin america, central america, and the united states, whom the terrorists believe will call off the meeting because of the situation in the country. that is the main reason for the increased violence.    you have seen that we have increased patrol operations recently. patrols are also being carried out around the volcanoes near san salvador. security measures are also being implemented on the periphery of san salvador and around the meeting venue, but i cannot give you the details. there is also a complete security plan for the officials who will participate in the oas meeting.    we are ready to reduce the possibility of an incident to a minimum. however, i have always been honest and i must admit there is always the possibility of sabotage or a terrorist act. this does not necessarily mean that it will affect the security measures in the area of the meeting. for example, a blackout can be caused by cutting off an electric line in a distant area.    (reporter) general, the fmln's attacks have not been so overwhelming in the past, yet now those attacks are attaining considerable military success. do the fmln's military actions mean it is superior to the armed forces?    (vides) we cannot conceive their military superiority under any circumstances. i have noticed the guerrilla leaders are currently visiting different countries, particularly the contadora group members. they are trying to gain support for reading a statement at the oas meeting, and they are also trying to pressure the salvadoran government into negotiating with them. this proves the rebels have failed militarily, and that failure has been brought about by our large-scale operations in northern chalatenango department and usulutan department, in the east of the country.    the rebels have tried to bring the war to urban areas.  however, the plans of subversive groups--i showed you the documents on their fire plan in another meeting--did not include the type of terrorist acts that we have seen lately. instead, they planned a general uprising and strike before the elections.    this proves, as i said, that the subversives could not develop their fire plan. they have carried out several acts but they have failed to achieve the expected results.  this is like having a cinema show a movie every day with no-one turning up to see it.    the subversives are trying to carry out this type of event right now to give the impression of military strength, so the oas will pass a resolution recommending negotiation to solve the conflict.    furthermore, the rebels are trying to discredit the democratic process and boycott our next elections because some people are demoralized by terrorism and lack the will to participate in politics, which makes the election results unsatisfactory. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(514, 518, ' contadora group', 5.370822906494141), (514, 516, ' contad', 2.729236602783203), (514, 517, ' contadora', 2.64902925491333)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>dear listeners, the minister has arrived and we welcome him and thank him for his participation in this segment. good morning.    (vides) good morning.    (reporter) violence has increased recently and the people are extremely worried. what are the armed forces doing to guarantee the people's welfare?    (vides) the salvadoran people's concern about increased terrorist violence is understandable. we must bear in mind that terrorist acts always escalate when important events are expected. this does not happen only in our country; we recently saw it in seoul, before the olympics, when groups resorted to violence to provoke the authorities and prevent an international event from taking place.    an oas meeting is scheduled to take place in this country in a few days. the event is being threatened by a number of acts, particularly terrorist acts in the san benito, max diaz, escalon, and san francisco neighborhoods.  the terrorists believe the people will protest against the oas meeting if they cause terror in those areas.    we are expecting foreign ministers from latin america, central america, and the united states, whom the terrorists believe will call off the meeting because of the situation in the country. that is the main reason for the increased violence.    you have seen that we have increased patrol operations recently. patrols are also being carried out around the volcanoes near san salvador. security measures are also being implemented on the periphery of san salvador and around the meeting venue, but i cannot give you the details. there is also a complete security plan for the officials who will participate in the oas meeting.    we are ready to reduce the possibility of an incident to a minimum. however, i have always been honest and i must admit there is always the possibility of sabotage or a terrorist act. this does not necessarily mean that it will affect the security measures in the area of the meeting. for example, a blackout can be caused by cutting off an electric line in a distant area.    (reporter) general, the fmln's attacks have not been so overwhelming in the past, yet now those attacks are attaining considerable military success. do the fmln's military actions mean it is superior to the armed forces?    (vides) we cannot conceive their military superiority under any circumstances. i have noticed the guerrilla leaders are currently visiting different countries, particularly the contadora group members. they are trying to gain support for reading a statement at the oas meeting, and they are also trying to pressure the salvadoran government into negotiating with them. this proves the rebels have failed militarily, and that failure has been brought about by our large-scale operations in northern chalatenango department and usulutan department, in the east of the country.    the rebels have tried to bring the war to urban areas.  however, the plans of subversive groups--i showed you the documents on their fire plan in another meeting--did not include the type of terrorist acts that we have seen lately. instead, they planned a general uprising and strike before the elections.    this proves, as i said, that the subversives could not develop their fire plan. they have carried out several acts but they have failed to achieve the expected results.  this is like having a cinema show a movie every day with no-one turning up to see it.    the subversives are trying to carry out this type of event right now to give the impression of military strength, so the oas will pass a resolution recommending negotiation to solve the conflict.    furthermore, the rebels are trying to discredit the democratic process and boycott our next elections because some people are demoralized by terrorism and lack the will to participate in politics, which makes the election results unsatisfactory. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(513, 517, ' contadora group', 2.532992362976074), (513, 516, ' contadora', -1.3421813249588013), (513, 515, ' contad', -2.301029682159424)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>dear listeners, the minister has arrived and we welcome him and thank him for his participation in this segment. good morning.    (vides) good morning.    (reporter) violence has increased recently and the people are extremely worried. what are the armed forces doing to guarantee the people's welfare?    (vides) the salvadoran people's concern about increased terrorist violence is understandable. we must bear in mind that terrorist acts always escalate when important events are expected. this does not happen only in our country; we recently saw it in seoul, before the olympics, when groups resorted to violence to provoke the authorities and prevent an international event from taking place.    an oas meeting is scheduled to take place in this country in a few days. the event is being threatened by a number of acts, particularly terrorist acts in the san benito, max diaz, escalon, and san francisco neighborhoods.  the terrorists believe the people will protest against the oas meeting if they cause terror in those areas.    we are expecting foreign ministers from latin america, central america, and the united states, whom the terrorists believe will call off the meeting because of the situation in the country. that is the main reason for the increased violence.    you have seen that we have increased patrol operations recently. patrols are also being carried out around the volcanoes near san salvador. security measures are also being implemented on the periphery of san salvador and around the meeting venue, but i cannot give you the details. there is also a complete security plan for the officials who will participate in the oas meeting.    we are ready to reduce the possibility of an incident to a minimum. however, i have always been honest and i must admit there is always the possibility of sabotage or a terrorist act. this does not necessarily mean that it will affect the security measures in the area of the meeting. for example, a blackout can be caused by cutting off an electric line in a distant area.    (reporter) general, the fmln's attacks have not been so overwhelming in the past, yet now those attacks are attaining considerable military success. do the fmln's military actions mean it is superior to the armed forces?    (vides) we cannot conceive their military superiority under any circumstances. i have noticed the guerrilla leaders are currently visiting different countries, particularly the contadora group members. they are trying to gain support for reading a statement at the oas meeting, and they are also trying to pressure the salvadoran government into negotiating with them. this proves the rebels have failed militarily, and that failure has been brought about by our large-scale operations in northern chalatenango department and usulutan department, in the east of the country.    the rebels have tried to bring the war to urban areas.  however, the plans of subversive groups--i showed you the documents on their fire plan in another meeting--did not include the type of terrorist acts that we have seen lately. instead, they planned a general uprising and strike before the elections.    this proves, as i said, that the subversives could not develop their fire plan. they have carried out several acts but they have failed to achieve the expected results.  this is like having a cinema show a movie every day with no-one turning up to see it.    the subversives are trying to carry out this type of event right now to give the impression of military strength, so the oas will pass a resolution recommending negotiation to solve the conflict.    furthermore, the rebels are trying to discredit the democratic process and boycott our next elections because some people are demoralized by terrorism and lack the will to participate in politics, which makes the election results unsatisfactory. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(513, 517, ' contadora group', -1.5299124717712402), (513, 516, ' contadora', -4.3024210929870605), (62, 73, " what are the armed forces doing to guarantee the people's", -1.732291579246521)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>dear listeners, the minister has arrived and we welcome him and thank him for his participation in this segment. good morning.    (vides) good morning.    (reporter) violence has increased recently and the people are extremely worried. what are the armed forces doing to guarantee the people's welfare?    (vides) the salvadoran people's concern about increased terrorist violence is understandable. we must bear in mind that terrorist acts always escalate when important events are expected. this does not happen only in our country; we recently saw it in seoul, before the olympics, when groups resorted to violence to provoke the authorities and prevent an international event from taking place.    an oas meeting is scheduled to take place in this country in a few days. the event is being threatened by a number of acts, particularly terrorist acts in the san benito, max diaz, escalon, and san francisco neighborhoods.  the terrorists believe the people will protest against the oas meeting if they cause terror in those areas.    we are expecting foreign ministers from latin america, central america, and the united states, whom the terrorists believe will call off the meeting because of the situation in the country. that is the main reason for the increased violence.    you have seen that we have increased patrol operations recently. patrols are also being carried out around the volcanoes near san salvador. security measures are also being implemented on the periphery of san salvador and around the meeting venue, but i cannot give you the details. there is also a complete security plan for the officials who will participate in the oas meeting.    we are ready to reduce the possibility of an incident to a minimum. however, i have always been honest and i must admit there is always the possibility of sabotage or a terrorist act. this does not necessarily mean that it will affect the security measures in the area of the meeting. for example, a blackout can be caused by cutting off an electric line in a distant area.    (reporter) general, the fmln's attacks have not been so overwhelming in the past, yet now those attacks are attaining considerable military success. do the fmln's military actions mean it is superior to the armed forces?    (vides) we cannot conceive their military superiority under any circumstances. i have noticed the guerrilla leaders are currently visiting different countries, particularly the contadora group members. they are trying to gain support for reading a statement at the oas meeting, and they are also trying to pressure the salvadoran government into negotiating with them. this proves the rebels have failed militarily, and that failure has been brought about by our large-scale operations in northern chalatenango department and usulutan department, in the east of the country.    the rebels have tried to bring the war to urban areas.  however, the plans of subversive groups--i showed you the documents on their fire plan in another meeting--did not include the type of terrorist acts that we have seen lately. instead, they planned a general uprising and strike before the elections.    this proves, as i said, that the subversives could not develop their fire plan. they have carried out several acts but they have failed to achieve the expected results.  this is like having a cinema show a movie every day with no-one turning up to see it.    the subversives are trying to carry out this type of event right now to give the impression of military strength, so the oas will pass a resolution recommending negotiation to solve the conflict.    furthermore, the rebels are trying to discredit the democratic process and boycott our next elections because some people are demoralized by terrorism and lack the will to participate in politics, which makes the election results unsatisfactory. (continued)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(65, 73, " armed forces doing to guarantee the people's", 9.513364791870117), (65, 66, ' armed', 8.315252304077148), (65, 74, " armed forces doing to guarantee the people's welfare", 7.454655647277832)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>legislative sources reported in lima today that the peruvian congress has approved a bill establishing more severe penalties for terrorists and also establishing punishments for the support of terrorist acts.    the bill, which was discussed in the chamber of deputies and the senate, establishes prison terms ranging from 10 to 20 years. it was immediately sent to the executive branch for promulgation.    the bill was approved 3 months after peruvian president alan garcia presented it to congress on 28 july, when garcia completed the 3d year of a 5-year term of office which began in 1985.    the provisions approved by congress amend 6 articles in section 8, volume 2 of the peruvian penal code, adding more severe sentences and the means for expanding court actions against subversion.    a prison term of 20 years or more will be imposed on those who cause anxiety, alarm, or terror among the population or any part of it, acts against a person\'s life or health, or acts against private or public property if such acts impair the community\'s basic services.    in all cases, the instigators or masterminds, the principals in the second degree, and the accomplices will receive the same sentences as the perpetrators.    more severe sentences have also been established for cases in which a perpetrator belongs to an organization that uses terrorism as a means to achieve its goals, including the maoist "shining path" organization and the mrta.    supporting, approving, or praising terrorist acts can be punished with prison terms of 5 years or more, and a 5-year prison term has been established for the crime of making, purchasing, stealing, or storing weapons or explosives for the purpose of terrorism.    more than 12,000 people have been killed in peru in subversive and anti-subversive actions since the "shining path" organization began its armed struggle in 1980. more than $10 billion in material losses have been registered as well.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(237, 254, ' the instigators or masterminds, the principals in the second degree, and the accompl', 10.067121505737305), (237, 242, ' the instigators or mastermind', 7.633141040802002), (237, 262, ' the instigators or masterminds, the principals in the second degree, and the accomplices will receive the same sentences as the', 6.687422752380371)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>legislative sources reported in lima today that the peruvian congress has approved a bill establishing more severe penalties for terrorists and also establishing punishments for the support of terrorist acts.    the bill, which was discussed in the chamber of deputies and the senate, establishes prison terms ranging from 10 to 20 years. it was immediately sent to the executive branch for promulgation.    the bill was approved 3 months after peruvian president alan garcia presented it to congress on 28 july, when garcia completed the 3d year of a 5-year term of office which began in 1985.    the provisions approved by congress amend 6 articles in section 8, volume 2 of the peruvian penal code, adding more severe sentences and the means for expanding court actions against subversion.    a prison term of 20 years or more will be imposed on those who cause anxiety, alarm, or terror among the population or any part of it, acts against a person\'s life or health, or acts against private or public property if such acts impair the community\'s basic services.    in all cases, the instigators or masterminds, the principals in the second degree, and the accomplices will receive the same sentences as the perpetrators.    more severe sentences have also been established for cases in which a perpetrator belongs to an organization that uses terrorism as a means to achieve its goals, including the maoist "shining path" organization and the mrta.    supporting, approving, or praising terrorist acts can be punished with prison terms of 5 years or more, and a 5-year prison term has been established for the crime of making, purchasing, stealing, or storing weapons or explosives for the purpose of terrorism.    more than 12,000 people have been killed in peru in subversive and anti-subversive actions since the "shining path" organization began its armed struggle in 1980. more than $10 billion in material losses have been registered as well.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(237, 254, ' the instigators or masterminds, the principals in the second degree, and the accompl', 8.41795539855957), (237, 242, ' the instigators or mastermind', 6.276837348937988), (237, 262, ' the instigators or masterminds, the principals in the second degree, and the accomplices will receive the same sentences as the', 5.831606864929199)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>legislative sources reported in lima today that the peruvian congress has approved a bill establishing more severe penalties for terrorists and also establishing punishments for the support of terrorist acts.    the bill, which was discussed in the chamber of deputies and the senate, establishes prison terms ranging from 10 to 20 years. it was immediately sent to the executive branch for promulgation.    the bill was approved 3 months after peruvian president alan garcia presented it to congress on 28 july, when garcia completed the 3d year of a 5-year term of office which began in 1985.    the provisions approved by congress amend 6 articles in section 8, volume 2 of the peruvian penal code, adding more severe sentences and the means for expanding court actions against subversion.    a prison term of 20 years or more will be imposed on those who cause anxiety, alarm, or terror among the population or any part of it, acts against a person\'s life or health, or acts against private or public property if such acts impair the community\'s basic services.    in all cases, the instigators or masterminds, the principals in the second degree, and the accomplices will receive the same sentences as the perpetrators.    more severe sentences have also been established for cases in which a perpetrator belongs to an organization that uses terrorism as a means to achieve its goals, including the maoist "shining path" organization and the mrta.    supporting, approving, or praising terrorist acts can be punished with prison terms of 5 years or more, and a 5-year prison term has been established for the crime of making, purchasing, stealing, or storing weapons or explosives for the purpose of terrorism.    more than 12,000 people have been killed in peru in subversive and anti-subversive actions since the "shining path" organization began its armed struggle in 1980. more than $10 billion in material losses have been registered as well.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(236, 261, ' the instigators or masterminds, the principals in the second degree, and the accomplices will receive the same sentences as the', 0.6726114153862), (236, 253, ' the instigators or masterminds, the principals in the second degree, and the accompl', 0.42129674553871155), (236, 241, ' the instigators or mastermind', 0.1265217661857605)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>legislative sources reported in lima today that the peruvian congress has approved a bill establishing more severe penalties for terrorists and also establishing punishments for the support of terrorist acts.    the bill, which was discussed in the chamber of deputies and the senate, establishes prison terms ranging from 10 to 20 years. it was immediately sent to the executive branch for promulgation.    the bill was approved 3 months after peruvian president alan garcia presented it to congress on 28 july, when garcia completed the 3d year of a 5-year term of office which began in 1985.    the provisions approved by congress amend 6 articles in section 8, volume 2 of the peruvian penal code, adding more severe sentences and the means for expanding court actions against subversion.    a prison term of 20 years or more will be imposed on those who cause anxiety, alarm, or terror among the population or any part of it, acts against a person\'s life or health, or acts against private or public property if such acts impair the community\'s basic services.    in all cases, the instigators or masterminds, the principals in the second degree, and the accomplices will receive the same sentences as the perpetrators.    more severe sentences have also been established for cases in which a perpetrator belongs to an organization that uses terrorism as a means to achieve its goals, including the maoist "shining path" organization and the mrta.    supporting, approving, or praising terrorist acts can be punished with prison terms of 5 years or more, and a 5-year prison term has been established for the crime of making, purchasing, stealing, or storing weapons or explosives for the purpose of terrorism.    more than 12,000 people have been killed in peru in subversive and anti-subversive actions since the "shining path" organization began its armed struggle in 1980. more than $10 billion in material losses have been registered as well.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(236, 253, ' the instigators or masterminds, the principals in the second degree, and the accompl', 10.34402084350586), (236, 241, ' the instigators or mastermind', 9.525924682617188), (236, 261, ' the instigators or masterminds, the principals in the second degree, and the accomplices will receive the same sentences as the', 9.152406692504883)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>legislative sources reported in lima today that the peruvian congress has approved a bill establishing more severe penalties for terrorists and also establishing punishments for the support of terrorist acts.    the bill, which was discussed in the chamber of deputies and the senate, establishes prison terms ranging from 10 to 20 years. it was immediately sent to the executive branch for promulgation.    the bill was approved 3 months after peruvian president alan garcia presented it to congress on 28 july, when garcia completed the 3d year of a 5-year term of office which began in 1985.    the provisions approved by congress amend 6 articles in section 8, volume 2 of the peruvian penal code, adding more severe sentences and the means for expanding court actions against subversion.    a prison term of 20 years or more will be imposed on those who cause anxiety, alarm, or terror among the population or any part of it, acts against a person\'s life or health, or acts against private or public property if such acts impair the community\'s basic services.    in all cases, the instigators or masterminds, the principals in the second degree, and the accomplices will receive the same sentences as the perpetrators.    more severe sentences have also been established for cases in which a perpetrator belongs to an organization that uses terrorism as a means to achieve its goals, including the maoist "shining path" organization and the mrta.    supporting, approving, or praising terrorist acts can be punished with prison terms of 5 years or more, and a 5-year prison term has been established for the crime of making, purchasing, stealing, or storing weapons or explosives for the purpose of terrorism.    more than 12,000 people have been killed in peru in subversive and anti-subversive actions since the "shining path" organization began its armed struggle in 1980. more than $10 billion in material losses have been registered as well.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(356, 358, ' weapons or', 3.568864345550537), (356, 363, ' weapons or explosives for the purpose of', 2.0280582904815674), (356, 364, ' weapons or explosives for the purpose of terrorism', 0.0942009687423706)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>a new diplomatic rift has arisen between colombia and the neighboring republic of venezuela following a protest note sent by our foreign ministry to the venezuelan foreign ministry. the note denounces the massacre of 14 fishermen, including two colombians whom the venezuelan armed forces accused of being subversives.    the venezuelan government decided that it would not be scolded by colombia, so the venezuelan foreign ministry sent a note to our foreign ministry which said that venezuela rejected the terms used in the colombian protest note.    colombia has sent 17 foreign ministry notes to venezuela in the past 2 years, all concerning incidents that have directly or indirectly affected colombian citizens.  only 2 of the 17 protest notes have received a reply, and they never included the results of the investigations requested by our government.    the last note represents a protest from our government for the murder of jose antonio aregua and justo pastor ceballos on 29 october. they were assassinated along with 12 venezuelan citizens when the venezuelan army mistook them for national liberation army rebels in cano colorada, arauca department, along the venezuelan border.    even though there is evidence that the venezuelan authorities made a mistake, the country's reply to the note was spiteful and unsatisfactory. this represents the worst diplomatic incident between the two countries so far this year.    ildegar perez, venezuelan ambassador to colombia, personally referred to the state of relations between the two countries:    (begin recording) (perez) let us say that relations at this point are delicate, but i would not characterize them as critical or extremely difficult. (end recording)    the venezuelan government has ordered that the two survivors of the 29 october massacre at the border be tried. moreover, the dispute between the two countries is being exploited in the venezuelan presidential campaign.  very few, however, dare to speak the truth about the situation.    (venezuelan deputy juvencio pulgar) (begin recording) we have disputes and we should not cover them up. colombia and venezuela have things to protest about, but only a dialogue will lead to an agreement to settle these disputes. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 315, 'end_gold': 329, 'gold': '.    ildegar perez, venezuel', 'candidates': [(61, 72, ' the venezuelan armed forces accused of being subvers', 10.009086608886719), (61, 73, ' the venezuelan armed forces accused of being subversives', 7.6217451095581055), (61, 66, ' the venezuelan armed', 7.03542947769165)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>a new diplomatic rift has arisen between colombia and the neighboring republic of venezuela following a protest note sent by our foreign ministry to the venezuelan foreign ministry. the note denounces the massacre of 14 fishermen, including two colombians whom the venezuelan armed forces accused of being subversives.    the venezuelan government decided that it would not be scolded by colombia, so the venezuelan foreign ministry sent a note to our foreign ministry which said that venezuela rejected the terms used in the colombian protest note.    colombia has sent 17 foreign ministry notes to venezuela in the past 2 years, all concerning incidents that have directly or indirectly affected colombian citizens.  only 2 of the 17 protest notes have received a reply, and they never included the results of the investigations requested by our government.    the last note represents a protest from our government for the murder of jose antonio aregua and justo pastor ceballos on 29 october. they were assassinated along with 12 venezuelan citizens when the venezuelan army mistook them for national liberation army rebels in cano colorada, arauca department, along the venezuelan border.    even though there is evidence that the venezuelan authorities made a mistake, the country's reply to the note was spiteful and unsatisfactory. this represents the worst diplomatic incident between the two countries so far this year.    ildegar perez, venezuelan ambassador to colombia, personally referred to the state of relations between the two countries:    (begin recording) (perez) let us say that relations at this point are delicate, but i would not characterize them as critical or extremely difficult. (end recording)    the venezuelan government has ordered that the two survivors of the 29 october massacre at the border be tried. moreover, the dispute between the two countries is being exploited in the venezuelan presidential campaign.  very few, however, dare to speak the truth about the situation.    (venezuelan deputy juvencio pulgar) (begin recording) we have disputes and we should not cover them up. colombia and venezuela have things to protest about, but only a dialogue will lead to an agreement to settle these disputes. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 274, 'end_gold': 291, 'gold': " there is evidence that the venezuelan authorities made a mistake, the country's reply", 'candidates': [(62, 72, ' venezuelan armed forces accused of being subvers', 8.460968971252441), (62, 66, ' venezuelan armed', 8.129762649536133), (62, 73, ' venezuelan armed forces accused of being subversives', 6.619967460632324)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>a new diplomatic rift has arisen between colombia and the neighboring republic of venezuela following a protest note sent by our foreign ministry to the venezuelan foreign ministry. the note denounces the massacre of 14 fishermen, including two colombians whom the venezuelan armed forces accused of being subversives.    the venezuelan government decided that it would not be scolded by colombia, so the venezuelan foreign ministry sent a note to our foreign ministry which said that venezuela rejected the terms used in the colombian protest note.    colombia has sent 17 foreign ministry notes to venezuela in the past 2 years, all concerning incidents that have directly or indirectly affected colombian citizens.  only 2 of the 17 protest notes have received a reply, and they never included the results of the investigations requested by our government.    the last note represents a protest from our government for the murder of jose antonio aregua and justo pastor ceballos on 29 october. they were assassinated along with 12 venezuelan citizens when the venezuelan army mistook them for national liberation army rebels in cano colorada, arauca department, along the venezuelan border.    even though there is evidence that the venezuelan authorities made a mistake, the country's reply to the note was spiteful and unsatisfactory. this represents the worst diplomatic incident between the two countries so far this year.    ildegar perez, venezuelan ambassador to colombia, personally referred to the state of relations between the two countries:    (begin recording) (perez) let us say that relations at this point are delicate, but i would not characterize them as critical or extremely difficult. (end recording)    the venezuelan government has ordered that the two survivors of the 29 october massacre at the border be tried. moreover, the dispute between the two countries is being exploited in the venezuelan presidential campaign.  very few, however, dare to speak the truth about the situation.    (venezuelan deputy juvencio pulgar) (begin recording) we have disputes and we should not cover them up. colombia and venezuela have things to protest about, but only a dialogue will lead to an agreement to settle these disputes. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(246, 249, ' national liberation army', 8.371855735778809), (246, 266, ' national liberation army rebels in cano colorada, arauca department, along the venezuelan', 4.466434001922607), (246, 248, ' national liberation', 3.8201870918273926)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>a new diplomatic rift has arisen between colombia and the neighboring republic of venezuela following a protest note sent by our foreign ministry to the venezuelan foreign ministry. the note denounces the massacre of 14 fishermen, including two colombians whom the venezuelan armed forces accused of being subversives.    the venezuelan government decided that it would not be scolded by colombia, so the venezuelan foreign ministry sent a note to our foreign ministry which said that venezuela rejected the terms used in the colombian protest note.    colombia has sent 17 foreign ministry notes to venezuela in the past 2 years, all concerning incidents that have directly or indirectly affected colombian citizens.  only 2 of the 17 protest notes have received a reply, and they never included the results of the investigations requested by our government.    the last note represents a protest from our government for the murder of jose antonio aregua and justo pastor ceballos on 29 october. they were assassinated along with 12 venezuelan citizens when the venezuelan army mistook them for national liberation army rebels in cano colorada, arauca department, along the venezuelan border.    even though there is evidence that the venezuelan authorities made a mistake, the country's reply to the note was spiteful and unsatisfactory. this represents the worst diplomatic incident between the two countries so far this year.    ildegar perez, venezuelan ambassador to colombia, personally referred to the state of relations between the two countries:    (begin recording) (perez) let us say that relations at this point are delicate, but i would not characterize them as critical or extremely difficult. (end recording)    the venezuelan government has ordered that the two survivors of the 29 october massacre at the border be tried. moreover, the dispute between the two countries is being exploited in the venezuelan presidential campaign.  very few, however, dare to speak the truth about the situation.    (venezuelan deputy juvencio pulgar) (begin recording) we have disputes and we should not cover them up. colombia and venezuela have things to protest about, but only a dialogue will lead to an agreement to settle these disputes. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 944, 'end_gold': 962, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(51, 58, ' 14 fishermen, including two colomb', 10.080732345581055), (51, 52, ' 14', 9.973182678222656), (51, 71, ' 14 fishermen, including two colombians whom the venezuelan armed forces accused of being subvers', 9.11257553100586)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>a new diplomatic rift has arisen between colombia and the neighboring republic of venezuela following a protest note sent by our foreign ministry to the venezuelan foreign ministry. the note denounces the massacre of 14 fishermen, including two colombians whom the venezuelan armed forces accused of being subversives.    the venezuelan government decided that it would not be scolded by colombia, so the venezuelan foreign ministry sent a note to our foreign ministry which said that venezuela rejected the terms used in the colombian protest note.    colombia has sent 17 foreign ministry notes to venezuela in the past 2 years, all concerning incidents that have directly or indirectly affected colombian citizens.  only 2 of the 17 protest notes have received a reply, and they never included the results of the investigations requested by our government.    the last note represents a protest from our government for the murder of jose antonio aregua and justo pastor ceballos on 29 october. they were assassinated along with 12 venezuelan citizens when the venezuelan army mistook them for national liberation army rebels in cano colorada, arauca department, along the venezuelan border.    even though there is evidence that the venezuelan authorities made a mistake, the country's reply to the note was spiteful and unsatisfactory. this represents the worst diplomatic incident between the two countries so far this year.    ildegar perez, venezuelan ambassador to colombia, personally referred to the state of relations between the two countries:    (begin recording) (perez) let us say that relations at this point are delicate, but i would not characterize them as critical or extremely difficult. (end recording)    the venezuelan government has ordered that the two survivors of the 29 october massacre at the border be tried. moreover, the dispute between the two countries is being exploited in the venezuelan presidential campaign.  very few, however, dare to speak the truth about the situation.    (venezuelan deputy juvencio pulgar) (begin recording) we have disputes and we should not cover them up. colombia and venezuela have things to protest about, but only a dialogue will lead to an agreement to settle these disputes. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(61, 71, ' venezuelan armed forces accused of being subvers', 12.058921813964844), (61, 65, ' venezuelan armed', 9.666266441345215), (61, 72, ' venezuelan armed forces accused of being subversives', 9.145209312438965)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>four colombian policemen and one army noncommissioned officer were killed today in an ambush by national liberation army (eln) rebels near tame, arauca intendance.    the bodies of the five people killed today in an ambush near tame airport, arauca intendance, were brought to bogota. the body of a fifth (as heard) victim, ricardo diaz, was brought to villa vicencio and will be buried in san carlos de guaroa, his birthplace, tomorrow. the only survivor was taken to the bogota police clinic.  (passage omitted)    the official report points out that the policemen were killed by the explosion of dynamite that had been placed in the vehicle transporting them from downtown tame to the local airport. authorities presume the criminal attack was perpetrated by eln rebels.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(180, 182, ' eln', 10.868715286254883), (180, 183, ' eln rebels', 8.15143871307373), (180, 180, '', 2.148041009902954)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>four colombian policemen and one army noncommissioned officer were killed today in an ambush by national liberation army (eln) rebels near tame, arauca intendance.    the bodies of the five people killed today in an ambush near tame airport, arauca intendance, were brought to bogota. the body of a fifth (as heard) victim, ricardo diaz, was brought to villa vicencio and will be buried in san carlos de guaroa, his birthplace, tomorrow. the only survivor was taken to the bogota police clinic.  (passage omitted)    the official report points out that the policemen were killed by the explosion of dynamite that had been placed in the vehicle transporting them from downtown tame to the local airport. authorities presume the criminal attack was perpetrated by eln rebels.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(180, 182, ' eln', 15.028770446777344), (180, 183, ' eln rebels', 11.666604995727539), (180, 181, ' el', 6.072269916534424)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>four colombian policemen and one army noncommissioned officer were killed today in an ambush by national liberation army (eln) rebels near tame, arauca intendance.    the bodies of the five people killed today in an ambush near tame airport, arauca intendance, were brought to bogota. the body of a fifth (as heard) victim, ricardo diaz, was brought to villa vicencio and will be buried in san carlos de guaroa, his birthplace, tomorrow. the only survivor was taken to the bogota police clinic.  (passage omitted)    the official report points out that the policemen were killed by the explosion of dynamite that had been placed in the vehicle transporting them from downtown tame to the local airport. authorities presume the criminal attack was perpetrated by eln rebels.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(29, 35, ' national liberation army (eln)', 3.0894594192504883), (29, 31, ' national liberation', 0.3977012634277344), (29, 43, ' national liberation army (eln) rebels near tame, arauca intend', -1.7054955959320068)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>four colombian policemen and one army noncommissioned officer were killed today in an ambush by national liberation army (eln) rebels near tame, arauca intendance.    the bodies of the five people killed today in an ambush near tame airport, arauca intendance, were brought to bogota. the body of a fifth (as heard) victim, ricardo diaz, was brought to villa vicencio and will be buried in san carlos de guaroa, his birthplace, tomorrow. the only survivor was taken to the bogota police clinic.  (passage omitted)    the official report points out that the policemen were killed by the explosion of dynamite that had been placed in the vehicle transporting them from downtown tame to the local airport. authorities presume the criminal attack was perpetrated by eln rebels.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(9, 21, 'four colombian policemen and one army noncommissioned', 4.30905294418335), (9, 13, 'four colombian', 1.3441733121871948), (9, 35, 'four colombian policemen and one army noncommissioned officer were killed today in an ambush by national liberation army (eln)', 0.5428904294967651)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>four colombian policemen and one army noncommissioned officer were killed today in an ambush by national liberation army (eln) rebels near tame, arauca intendance.    the bodies of the five people killed today in an ambush near tame airport, arauca intendance, were brought to bogota. the body of a fifth (as heard) victim, ricardo diaz, was brought to villa vicencio and will be buried in san carlos de guaroa, his birthplace, tomorrow. the only survivor was taken to the bogota police clinic.  (passage omitted)    the official report points out that the policemen were killed by the explosion of dynamite that had been placed in the vehicle transporting them from downtown tame to the local airport. authorities presume the criminal attack was perpetrated by eln rebels.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(179, 181, ' eln', 5.922541618347168), (179, 182, ' eln rebels', 0.11737298965454102), (152, 181, ' dynamite that had been placed in the vehicle transporting them from downtown tame to the local airport. authorities presume the criminal attack was perpetrated by eln', 4.8972487449646)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the inflation `bogeyman\'    this entire panorama changed with the no vote victory.  and with it changed the policies and tools that buchi\'s team will have to resort to until late 1989 and that are now much more dependent than before on the government\'s political objectives. one option is to keep on doing "more of the same," to ignore the new context that has developed since 5 october, to defuse the monetary time bomb and to apply a tight tourniquet to the economy to prevent renewed outbreaks of higher prices.    the inflation "bogeyman" is beginning to make his presence felt (the consumer price index, cpi, is expected to be up 1.3 to 1.5 percent this month), and explanations abound. gerardo aceituno, the head of the forecasting workshop of the labor economy program, attributes the mounting inflationary pressures to the impact of the wage hike and higher international interest rates on domestic prices. he recalls that the prices of farm products have been "virtually frozen for a year" and that this explains the huge gap between the wholesale price index, which fell one percent during the past 12 months, and the cpi, which rose 12 percent during the same period. "the situation could not be sustained, except if businessmen wanted to sacrifice their profit margins, which have so far not been affected, because the vat was cut."    juan villarzu, in contrast, places most of the blame for the inflationary pressures on the excessive quantity of money. oddly enough, however, the uncertainty that developed after the victory of the no vote is presumably having an effect somewhat similar to the "mini-adjustment."  he reports that small- and medium-sized businessmen are postponing their investment plans, and thus their demand for credit has fallen off. the dilemma facing them and other "economic agents" is whether to spend the money or to deposit it. the central bank comes into play here, because "not having to compete with the banks, it can begin soaking up some of the money in circulation without boosting interest rates too much. moreover, they are already quite high: 5 percent for 90-day operations, as against 4.2 percent during the first half." in addition, it could resort to its sizable monetary reserves and "burn up" foreign exchange on higher imports to absorb some of the excess liquidity.  "i\'m thinking about devaluations (of the peso) somewhat similar to the ones this year."    options after the no victory    in any event, the large mass of money in circulation and the existing inflationary pressures (whatever their cause) "constitute an explosive situation," which according to villarzu the government will not ignore. because "if it has any political accomplishment left, it is the victory over inflation." and the tightening up will be even more severe if the finance minister insists on achieving a 5-percent rise in the cpi in 1989, as the draft budget sent to the junta calls for. even the central bank regards this goal as dangerous. a high-level central bank executive said that "it is valid to aim for an inflation rate like that in the developed countries, but we have to be careful because unemployment (which would trigger a heavy concentration of spending) remains high."    on the other side of the government\'s economic card are the already visible and strong pressures that the right has begun to apply so that the government will increase spending in 1989 or at least not reduce it. the right also wants the government to take actions that are more populist in nature or that have less visible effects on voters. significantly, experts on buchi\'s own team are the ones who are admitting that political demands can be given to some extent without ignoring certain principles.  gaining ground, as a result, are an increase in the minimum wage ("to pave the way for higher pay in private enterprise") and further cuts in the vat (the rumor of a cut to 12 percent was already making the rounds before the plebiscite) and in the tax on capital.  but the privatization of enterprises is still strongly supported as well. everything points in the same direction: "reduce the size of the public and government sector and, at the same time, narrow the maneuvering room on taxes for a government different from this one." if it is similar, so much the better. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(360, 366, ' small- and medium-sized', 8.698710441589355), (360, 372, ' small- and medium-sized businessmen are postponing their investment', 6.189600944519043), (360, 382, ' small- and medium-sized businessmen are postponing their investment plans, and thus their demand for credit has fallen', 5.105762958526611)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the inflation `bogeyman\'    this entire panorama changed with the no vote victory.  and with it changed the policies and tools that buchi\'s team will have to resort to until late 1989 and that are now much more dependent than before on the government\'s political objectives. one option is to keep on doing "more of the same," to ignore the new context that has developed since 5 october, to defuse the monetary time bomb and to apply a tight tourniquet to the economy to prevent renewed outbreaks of higher prices.    the inflation "bogeyman" is beginning to make his presence felt (the consumer price index, cpi, is expected to be up 1.3 to 1.5 percent this month), and explanations abound. gerardo aceituno, the head of the forecasting workshop of the labor economy program, attributes the mounting inflationary pressures to the impact of the wage hike and higher international interest rates on domestic prices. he recalls that the prices of farm products have been "virtually frozen for a year" and that this explains the huge gap between the wholesale price index, which fell one percent during the past 12 months, and the cpi, which rose 12 percent during the same period. "the situation could not be sustained, except if businessmen wanted to sacrifice their profit margins, which have so far not been affected, because the vat was cut."    juan villarzu, in contrast, places most of the blame for the inflationary pressures on the excessive quantity of money. oddly enough, however, the uncertainty that developed after the victory of the no vote is presumably having an effect somewhat similar to the "mini-adjustment."  he reports that small- and medium-sized businessmen are postponing their investment plans, and thus their demand for credit has fallen off. the dilemma facing them and other "economic agents" is whether to spend the money or to deposit it. the central bank comes into play here, because "not having to compete with the banks, it can begin soaking up some of the money in circulation without boosting interest rates too much. moreover, they are already quite high: 5 percent for 90-day operations, as against 4.2 percent during the first half." in addition, it could resort to its sizable monetary reserves and "burn up" foreign exchange on higher imports to absorb some of the excess liquidity.  "i\'m thinking about devaluations (of the peso) somewhat similar to the ones this year."    options after the no victory    in any event, the large mass of money in circulation and the existing inflationary pressures (whatever their cause) "constitute an explosive situation," which according to villarzu the government will not ignore. because "if it has any political accomplishment left, it is the victory over inflation." and the tightening up will be even more severe if the finance minister insists on achieving a 5-percent rise in the cpi in 1989, as the draft budget sent to the junta calls for. even the central bank regards this goal as dangerous. a high-level central bank executive said that "it is valid to aim for an inflation rate like that in the developed countries, but we have to be careful because unemployment (which would trigger a heavy concentration of spending) remains high."    on the other side of the government\'s economic card are the already visible and strong pressures that the right has begun to apply so that the government will increase spending in 1989 or at least not reduce it. the right also wants the government to take actions that are more populist in nature or that have less visible effects on voters. significantly, experts on buchi\'s own team are the ones who are admitting that political demands can be given to some extent without ignoring certain principles.  gaining ground, as a result, are an increase in the minimum wage ("to pave the way for higher pay in private enterprise") and further cuts in the vat (the rumor of a cut to 12 percent was already making the rounds before the plebiscite) and in the tax on capital.  but the privatization of enterprises is still strongly supported as well. everything points in the same direction: "reduce the size of the public and government sector and, at the same time, narrow the maneuvering room on taxes for a government different from this one." if it is similar, so much the better. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(41, 44, " buchi's", 0.9110180139541626), (41, 64, " buchi's team will have to resort to until late 1989 and that are now much more dependent than before on the", -1.6581584215164185), (41, 43, ' buchi', -2.261612892150879)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the inflation `bogeyman\'    this entire panorama changed with the no vote victory.  and with it changed the policies and tools that buchi\'s team will have to resort to until late 1989 and that are now much more dependent than before on the government\'s political objectives. one option is to keep on doing "more of the same," to ignore the new context that has developed since 5 october, to defuse the monetary time bomb and to apply a tight tourniquet to the economy to prevent renewed outbreaks of higher prices.    the inflation "bogeyman" is beginning to make his presence felt (the consumer price index, cpi, is expected to be up 1.3 to 1.5 percent this month), and explanations abound. gerardo aceituno, the head of the forecasting workshop of the labor economy program, attributes the mounting inflationary pressures to the impact of the wage hike and higher international interest rates on domestic prices. he recalls that the prices of farm products have been "virtually frozen for a year" and that this explains the huge gap between the wholesale price index, which fell one percent during the past 12 months, and the cpi, which rose 12 percent during the same period. "the situation could not be sustained, except if businessmen wanted to sacrifice their profit margins, which have so far not been affected, because the vat was cut."    juan villarzu, in contrast, places most of the blame for the inflationary pressures on the excessive quantity of money. oddly enough, however, the uncertainty that developed after the victory of the no vote is presumably having an effect somewhat similar to the "mini-adjustment."  he reports that small- and medium-sized businessmen are postponing their investment plans, and thus their demand for credit has fallen off. the dilemma facing them and other "economic agents" is whether to spend the money or to deposit it. the central bank comes into play here, because "not having to compete with the banks, it can begin soaking up some of the money in circulation without boosting interest rates too much. moreover, they are already quite high: 5 percent for 90-day operations, as against 4.2 percent during the first half." in addition, it could resort to its sizable monetary reserves and "burn up" foreign exchange on higher imports to absorb some of the excess liquidity.  "i\'m thinking about devaluations (of the peso) somewhat similar to the ones this year."    options after the no victory    in any event, the large mass of money in circulation and the existing inflationary pressures (whatever their cause) "constitute an explosive situation," which according to villarzu the government will not ignore. because "if it has any political accomplishment left, it is the victory over inflation." and the tightening up will be even more severe if the finance minister insists on achieving a 5-percent rise in the cpi in 1989, as the draft budget sent to the junta calls for. even the central bank regards this goal as dangerous. a high-level central bank executive said that "it is valid to aim for an inflation rate like that in the developed countries, but we have to be careful because unemployment (which would trigger a heavy concentration of spending) remains high."    on the other side of the government\'s economic card are the already visible and strong pressures that the right has begun to apply so that the government will increase spending in 1989 or at least not reduce it. the right also wants the government to take actions that are more populist in nature or that have less visible effects on voters. significantly, experts on buchi\'s own team are the ones who are admitting that political demands can be given to some extent without ignoring certain principles.  gaining ground, as a result, are an increase in the minimum wage ("to pave the way for higher pay in private enterprise") and further cuts in the vat (the rumor of a cut to 12 percent was already making the rounds before the plebiscite) and in the tax on capital.  but the privatization of enterprises is still strongly supported as well. everything points in the same direction: "reduce the size of the public and government sector and, at the same time, narrow the maneuvering room on taxes for a government different from this one." if it is similar, so much the better. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(863, 893, 'reduce the size of the public and government sector and, at the same time, narrow the maneuvering room on taxes for a government different from this', -3.5414485931396484), (863, 872, 'reduce the size of the public and government', -3.895697593688965), (863, 886, 'reduce the size of the public and government sector and, at the same time, narrow the maneuvering room on', -3.9804277420043945)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the inflation `bogeyman\'    this entire panorama changed with the no vote victory.  and with it changed the policies and tools that buchi\'s team will have to resort to until late 1989 and that are now much more dependent than before on the government\'s political objectives. one option is to keep on doing "more of the same," to ignore the new context that has developed since 5 october, to defuse the monetary time bomb and to apply a tight tourniquet to the economy to prevent renewed outbreaks of higher prices.    the inflation "bogeyman" is beginning to make his presence felt (the consumer price index, cpi, is expected to be up 1.3 to 1.5 percent this month), and explanations abound. gerardo aceituno, the head of the forecasting workshop of the labor economy program, attributes the mounting inflationary pressures to the impact of the wage hike and higher international interest rates on domestic prices. he recalls that the prices of farm products have been "virtually frozen for a year" and that this explains the huge gap between the wholesale price index, which fell one percent during the past 12 months, and the cpi, which rose 12 percent during the same period. "the situation could not be sustained, except if businessmen wanted to sacrifice their profit margins, which have so far not been affected, because the vat was cut."    juan villarzu, in contrast, places most of the blame for the inflationary pressures on the excessive quantity of money. oddly enough, however, the uncertainty that developed after the victory of the no vote is presumably having an effect somewhat similar to the "mini-adjustment."  he reports that small- and medium-sized businessmen are postponing their investment plans, and thus their demand for credit has fallen off. the dilemma facing them and other "economic agents" is whether to spend the money or to deposit it. the central bank comes into play here, because "not having to compete with the banks, it can begin soaking up some of the money in circulation without boosting interest rates too much. moreover, they are already quite high: 5 percent for 90-day operations, as against 4.2 percent during the first half." in addition, it could resort to its sizable monetary reserves and "burn up" foreign exchange on higher imports to absorb some of the excess liquidity.  "i\'m thinking about devaluations (of the peso) somewhat similar to the ones this year."    options after the no victory    in any event, the large mass of money in circulation and the existing inflationary pressures (whatever their cause) "constitute an explosive situation," which according to villarzu the government will not ignore. because "if it has any political accomplishment left, it is the victory over inflation." and the tightening up will be even more severe if the finance minister insists on achieving a 5-percent rise in the cpi in 1989, as the draft budget sent to the junta calls for. even the central bank regards this goal as dangerous. a high-level central bank executive said that "it is valid to aim for an inflation rate like that in the developed countries, but we have to be careful because unemployment (which would trigger a heavy concentration of spending) remains high."    on the other side of the government\'s economic card are the already visible and strong pressures that the right has begun to apply so that the government will increase spending in 1989 or at least not reduce it. the right also wants the government to take actions that are more populist in nature or that have less visible effects on voters. significantly, experts on buchi\'s own team are the ones who are admitting that political demands can be given to some extent without ignoring certain principles.  gaining ground, as a result, are an increase in the minimum wage ("to pave the way for higher pay in private enterprise") and further cuts in the vat (the rumor of a cut to 12 percent was already making the rounds before the plebiscite) and in the tax on capital.  but the privatization of enterprises is still strongly supported as well. everything points in the same direction: "reduce the size of the public and government sector and, at the same time, narrow the maneuvering room on taxes for a government different from this one." if it is similar, so much the better. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(359, 365, ' small- and medium-sized', 3.356350898742676), (359, 371, ' small- and medium-sized businessmen are postponing their investment', 2.0667717456817627), (359, 381, ' small- and medium-sized businessmen are postponing their investment plans, and thus their demand for credit has fallen', 0.9185359477996826)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the inflation `bogeyman\'    this entire panorama changed with the no vote victory.  and with it changed the policies and tools that buchi\'s team will have to resort to until late 1989 and that are now much more dependent than before on the government\'s political objectives. one option is to keep on doing "more of the same," to ignore the new context that has developed since 5 october, to defuse the monetary time bomb and to apply a tight tourniquet to the economy to prevent renewed outbreaks of higher prices.    the inflation "bogeyman" is beginning to make his presence felt (the consumer price index, cpi, is expected to be up 1.3 to 1.5 percent this month), and explanations abound. gerardo aceituno, the head of the forecasting workshop of the labor economy program, attributes the mounting inflationary pressures to the impact of the wage hike and higher international interest rates on domestic prices. he recalls that the prices of farm products have been "virtually frozen for a year" and that this explains the huge gap between the wholesale price index, which fell one percent during the past 12 months, and the cpi, which rose 12 percent during the same period. "the situation could not be sustained, except if businessmen wanted to sacrifice their profit margins, which have so far not been affected, because the vat was cut."    juan villarzu, in contrast, places most of the blame for the inflationary pressures on the excessive quantity of money. oddly enough, however, the uncertainty that developed after the victory of the no vote is presumably having an effect somewhat similar to the "mini-adjustment."  he reports that small- and medium-sized businessmen are postponing their investment plans, and thus their demand for credit has fallen off. the dilemma facing them and other "economic agents" is whether to spend the money or to deposit it. the central bank comes into play here, because "not having to compete with the banks, it can begin soaking up some of the money in circulation without boosting interest rates too much. moreover, they are already quite high: 5 percent for 90-day operations, as against 4.2 percent during the first half." in addition, it could resort to its sizable monetary reserves and "burn up" foreign exchange on higher imports to absorb some of the excess liquidity.  "i\'m thinking about devaluations (of the peso) somewhat similar to the ones this year."    options after the no victory    in any event, the large mass of money in circulation and the existing inflationary pressures (whatever their cause) "constitute an explosive situation," which according to villarzu the government will not ignore. because "if it has any political accomplishment left, it is the victory over inflation." and the tightening up will be even more severe if the finance minister insists on achieving a 5-percent rise in the cpi in 1989, as the draft budget sent to the junta calls for. even the central bank regards this goal as dangerous. a high-level central bank executive said that "it is valid to aim for an inflation rate like that in the developed countries, but we have to be careful because unemployment (which would trigger a heavy concentration of spending) remains high."    on the other side of the government\'s economic card are the already visible and strong pressures that the right has begun to apply so that the government will increase spending in 1989 or at least not reduce it. the right also wants the government to take actions that are more populist in nature or that have less visible effects on voters. significantly, experts on buchi\'s own team are the ones who are admitting that political demands can be given to some extent without ignoring certain principles.  gaining ground, as a result, are an increase in the minimum wage ("to pave the way for higher pay in private enterprise") and further cuts in the vat (the rumor of a cut to 12 percent was already making the rounds before the plebiscite) and in the tax on capital.  but the privatization of enterprises is still strongly supported as well. everything points in the same direction: "reduce the size of the public and government sector and, at the same time, narrow the maneuvering room on taxes for a government different from this one." if it is similar, so much the better. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(40, 43, " buchi's", -2.6946747303009033), (40, 51, " buchi's team will have to resort to until late", -5.602338790893555), (103, 119, ' apply a tight tourniquet to the economy to prevent renewed outbreaks of higher', -5.196962356567383)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the guerrillas turn terrorist    the president of patriotic union, bernardo jaramillo ossa, feels that the sanction imposed on the two uraba unions last week was unfair because he believes that the struggle of the workers has nothing to do with the phenomenon of violence in the zone.    jaramillo acknowledged, however, that the guerrilla groups in uraba have shifted from subversion to absurd acts of terrorism and vandalism that cannot be compared to acts anywhere else in the country.    the leftist leader described this terrorist escalade as one of the major obstacles to the region\'s achieving the social pact that it urgently needs.    the congressman felt that the shutdown of the unions has deprived them of spokesmen and he recalled that uraba has achieved its wealth through private enterprise, without the slightest government involvement.    more self-criticism    senator alberto rojas puyo, one of the patriotic union congressmen, contended yesterday that the resignation of the president of the cut, jorge carrillo, ought to help prompt the left to make a series of rectifications.    rojas said: "jorge carrillo\'s letter of resignation as president of the cut contains very important proposals not only for the organization but also for all democratic forces. i am glad that his resignation was not accepted and i see in this development the possibility that the forces of the left will begin a serious process of reflection and necessary rectification so that their struggles are understood and taken up by the working class and the people at large.    "some of carrillo\'s proposals are, without doubt, debatable, but the indiscriminate mix of actions is unquestionably doing great damage to the country and, most of all, to the left. a clear line must be drawn in word and in deed with respect to violence. the fact that such crucial aspects for colombia\'s democratic development were debated within a major labor federation shows that this class can play a guiding role for the people at large.    "the important thing is that along with the necessary reforms, the unity of the federation and its capacity for alliances and grassroots mobilization emerge strengthened."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(11, 15, ' guerrillas turn', 4.020120620727539), (11, 13, ' guerr', 3.4724483489990234), (11, 16, ' guerrillas turn terrorist', 1.9963397979736328)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the guerrillas turn terrorist    the president of patriotic union, bernardo jaramillo ossa, feels that the sanction imposed on the two uraba unions last week was unfair because he believes that the struggle of the workers has nothing to do with the phenomenon of violence in the zone.    jaramillo acknowledged, however, that the guerrilla groups in uraba have shifted from subversion to absurd acts of terrorism and vandalism that cannot be compared to acts anywhere else in the country.    the leftist leader described this terrorist escalade as one of the major obstacles to the region\'s achieving the social pact that it urgently needs.    the congressman felt that the shutdown of the unions has deprived them of spokesmen and he recalled that uraba has achieved its wealth through private enterprise, without the slightest government involvement.    more self-criticism    senator alberto rojas puyo, one of the patriotic union congressmen, contended yesterday that the resignation of the president of the cut, jorge carrillo, ought to help prompt the left to make a series of rectifications.    rojas said: "jorge carrillo\'s letter of resignation as president of the cut contains very important proposals not only for the organization but also for all democratic forces. i am glad that his resignation was not accepted and i see in this development the possibility that the forces of the left will begin a serious process of reflection and necessary rectification so that their struggles are understood and taken up by the working class and the people at large.    "some of carrillo\'s proposals are, without doubt, debatable, but the indiscriminate mix of actions is unquestionably doing great damage to the country and, most of all, to the left. a clear line must be drawn in word and in deed with respect to violence. the fact that such crucial aspects for colombia\'s democratic development were debated within a major labor federation shows that this class can play a guiding role for the people at large.    "the important thing is that along with the necessary reforms, the unity of the federation and its capacity for alliances and grassroots mobilization emerge strengthened."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(11, 13, ' guerr', 3.4519548416137695), (11, 15, ' guerrillas turn', 1.9332524538040161), (11, 16, ' guerrillas turn terrorist', 0.3596479892730713)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the guerrillas turn terrorist    the president of patriotic union, bernardo jaramillo ossa, feels that the sanction imposed on the two uraba unions last week was unfair because he believes that the struggle of the workers has nothing to do with the phenomenon of violence in the zone.    jaramillo acknowledged, however, that the guerrilla groups in uraba have shifted from subversion to absurd acts of terrorism and vandalism that cannot be compared to acts anywhere else in the country.    the leftist leader described this terrorist escalade as one of the major obstacles to the region\'s achieving the social pact that it urgently needs.    the congressman felt that the shutdown of the unions has deprived them of spokesmen and he recalled that uraba has achieved its wealth through private enterprise, without the slightest government involvement.    more self-criticism    senator alberto rojas puyo, one of the patriotic union congressmen, contended yesterday that the resignation of the president of the cut, jorge carrillo, ought to help prompt the left to make a series of rectifications.    rojas said: "jorge carrillo\'s letter of resignation as president of the cut contains very important proposals not only for the organization but also for all democratic forces. i am glad that his resignation was not accepted and i see in this development the possibility that the forces of the left will begin a serious process of reflection and necessary rectification so that their struggles are understood and taken up by the working class and the people at large.    "some of carrillo\'s proposals are, without doubt, debatable, but the indiscriminate mix of actions is unquestionably doing great damage to the country and, most of all, to the left. a clear line must be drawn in word and in deed with respect to violence. the fact that such crucial aspects for colombia\'s democratic development were debated within a major labor federation shows that this class can play a guiding role for the people at large.    "the important thing is that along with the necessary reforms, the unity of the federation and its capacity for alliances and grassroots mobilization emerge strengthened."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(41, 44, ' two uraba', 3.437528133392334), (41, 43, ' two ur', -0.5666409730911255), (41, 57, ' two uraba unions last week was unfair because he believes that the struggle of the', -1.5857864618301392)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the guerrillas turn terrorist    the president of patriotic union, bernardo jaramillo ossa, feels that the sanction imposed on the two uraba unions last week was unfair because he believes that the struggle of the workers has nothing to do with the phenomenon of violence in the zone.    jaramillo acknowledged, however, that the guerrilla groups in uraba have shifted from subversion to absurd acts of terrorism and vandalism that cannot be compared to acts anywhere else in the country.    the leftist leader described this terrorist escalade as one of the major obstacles to the region\'s achieving the social pact that it urgently needs.    the congressman felt that the shutdown of the unions has deprived them of spokesmen and he recalled that uraba has achieved its wealth through private enterprise, without the slightest government involvement.    more self-criticism    senator alberto rojas puyo, one of the patriotic union congressmen, contended yesterday that the resignation of the president of the cut, jorge carrillo, ought to help prompt the left to make a series of rectifications.    rojas said: "jorge carrillo\'s letter of resignation as president of the cut contains very important proposals not only for the organization but also for all democratic forces. i am glad that his resignation was not accepted and i see in this development the possibility that the forces of the left will begin a serious process of reflection and necessary rectification so that their struggles are understood and taken up by the working class and the people at large.    "some of carrillo\'s proposals are, without doubt, debatable, but the indiscriminate mix of actions is unquestionably doing great damage to the country and, most of all, to the left. a clear line must be drawn in word and in deed with respect to violence. the fact that such crucial aspects for colombia\'s democratic development were debated within a major labor federation shows that this class can play a guiding role for the people at large.    "the important thing is that along with the necessary reforms, the unity of the federation and its capacity for alliances and grassroots mobilization emerge strengthened."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(41, 44, ' two uraba', -0.5636234283447266), (41, 57, ' two uraba unions last week was unfair because he believes that the struggle of the', -1.4197051525115967), (41, 69, ' two uraba unions last week was unfair because he believes that the struggle of the workers has nothing to do with the phenomenon of violence in the', -3.396554946899414)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the guerrillas turn terrorist    the president of patriotic union, bernardo jaramillo ossa, feels that the sanction imposed on the two uraba unions last week was unfair because he believes that the struggle of the workers has nothing to do with the phenomenon of violence in the zone.    jaramillo acknowledged, however, that the guerrilla groups in uraba have shifted from subversion to absurd acts of terrorism and vandalism that cannot be compared to acts anywhere else in the country.    the leftist leader described this terrorist escalade as one of the major obstacles to the region\'s achieving the social pact that it urgently needs.    the congressman felt that the shutdown of the unions has deprived them of spokesmen and he recalled that uraba has achieved its wealth through private enterprise, without the slightest government involvement.    more self-criticism    senator alberto rojas puyo, one of the patriotic union congressmen, contended yesterday that the resignation of the president of the cut, jorge carrillo, ought to help prompt the left to make a series of rectifications.    rojas said: "jorge carrillo\'s letter of resignation as president of the cut contains very important proposals not only for the organization but also for all democratic forces. i am glad that his resignation was not accepted and i see in this development the possibility that the forces of the left will begin a serious process of reflection and necessary rectification so that their struggles are understood and taken up by the working class and the people at large.    "some of carrillo\'s proposals are, without doubt, debatable, but the indiscriminate mix of actions is unquestionably doing great damage to the country and, most of all, to the left. a clear line must be drawn in word and in deed with respect to violence. the fact that such crucial aspects for colombia\'s democratic development were debated within a major labor federation shows that this class can play a guiding role for the people at large.    "the important thing is that along with the necessary reforms, the unity of the federation and its capacity for alliances and grassroots mobilization emerge strengthened."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(10, 12, ' guerr', 1.1447786092758179), (10, 14, ' guerrillas turn', -0.36231905221939087), (10, 15, ' guerrillas turn terrorist', -2.211585521697998)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>colonel rene emilio ponce (chairman of the salvadoran joint chiefs of staff) appeared before the legislative assembly today. the assembly offered to loosen legal (word indistinct) on the armed forces to win the war.    some groups believe the country entered a crisis with the 15 october 1979 military coup. since then, el salvador has suffered a civil war that is getting worse and causing more casualties. there are now two disturbing changes in the war: first, corpses are being dumped on the roadside, which reminds us of the early 1980's when death squads were active. second, urban guerrilla activity is increasing. the armed forces are justifiably concerned about those issues.    (begin recording) (ponce) i never talk about death squads. i talk about violence and the actions of the right- and left-wing groups. the army is determined, and is making all the necessary efforts, to counter those violent actions, regardless of which groups carry them out. (end recording)    col ponce met with members of the legislative assembly defense and public security committee today.    after 8 years, the war seems to be endless. arena (nationalist republican alliance) believes that a solution to the crisis could be the formation of a common front that will set up a national strategy and also loosen legal restrictions on the armed forces.    (begin recording) (arena deputy sigifredo ochoa) we must set up a national strategy, because we cannot let the guerrillas kill us. i think that we must act within the law. i think we must loosen the legal restrictions on the army, because the army can be effective but has its hands tied. (words indistinct) in its own country, it has been rejected for having defended communist guerrillas (words indistinct), which in (word indistinct) itself is considered as (words indistinct). we cannot understand how can it defend a criminal position. it is time for us to rally around a single purpose. (end recording)    there can still be a peaceful solution to the crisis.  christian democratic party (pdc) presidential candidate fidel chavez mena said he will seek a dialogue with the guerrilla movement. meanwhile, arena will make its own proposal to the fmln.    (begin recording) (ochoa) the pdc promised to achieve peace. that is an illusion. that is what the pdc candidate is proposing.  chavez mena has been in the government for years, and the government will not change its strategy. that proposal is merely a smokescreen.    we have been very clear about this. we must sit down to talk with the rebels within a strict time limit and without so much demagogy. we are willing to talk with the fmln-fdr. we want to make a proposal to them--not an arena proposal, but a national proposal. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(516, 518, ' pdc', 1.2868905067443848), (516, 520, ' pdc candidate is', 1.190100073814392), (516, 521, ' pdc candidate is proposing', -0.9329975843429565)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>colonel rene emilio ponce (chairman of the salvadoran joint chiefs of staff) appeared before the legislative assembly today. the assembly offered to loosen legal (word indistinct) on the armed forces to win the war.    some groups believe the country entered a crisis with the 15 october 1979 military coup. since then, el salvador has suffered a civil war that is getting worse and causing more casualties. there are now two disturbing changes in the war: first, corpses are being dumped on the roadside, which reminds us of the early 1980's when death squads were active. second, urban guerrilla activity is increasing. the armed forces are justifiably concerned about those issues.    (begin recording) (ponce) i never talk about death squads. i talk about violence and the actions of the right- and left-wing groups. the army is determined, and is making all the necessary efforts, to counter those violent actions, regardless of which groups carry them out. (end recording)    col ponce met with members of the legislative assembly defense and public security committee today.    after 8 years, the war seems to be endless. arena (nationalist republican alliance) believes that a solution to the crisis could be the formation of a common front that will set up a national strategy and also loosen legal restrictions on the armed forces.    (begin recording) (arena deputy sigifredo ochoa) we must set up a national strategy, because we cannot let the guerrillas kill us. i think that we must act within the law. i think we must loosen the legal restrictions on the army, because the army can be effective but has its hands tied. (words indistinct) in its own country, it has been rejected for having defended communist guerrillas (words indistinct), which in (word indistinct) itself is considered as (words indistinct). we cannot understand how can it defend a criminal position. it is time for us to rally around a single purpose. (end recording)    there can still be a peaceful solution to the crisis.  christian democratic party (pdc) presidential candidate fidel chavez mena said he will seek a dialogue with the guerrilla movement. meanwhile, arena will make its own proposal to the fmln.    (begin recording) (ochoa) the pdc promised to achieve peace. that is an illusion. that is what the pdc candidate is proposing.  chavez mena has been in the government for years, and the government will not change its strategy. that proposal is merely a smokescreen.    we have been very clear about this. we must sit down to talk with the rebels within a strict time limit and without so much demagogy. we are willing to talk with the fmln-fdr. we want to make a proposal to them--not an arena proposal, but a national proposal. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(592, 597, ' fmln-f', 0.8636374473571777), (592, 598, ' fmln-fdr', -0.35581934452056885), (592, 610, ' fmln-fdr. we want to make a proposal to them--not an', -0.5994647741317749)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>colonel rene emilio ponce (chairman of the salvadoran joint chiefs of staff) appeared before the legislative assembly today. the assembly offered to loosen legal (word indistinct) on the armed forces to win the war.    some groups believe the country entered a crisis with the 15 october 1979 military coup. since then, el salvador has suffered a civil war that is getting worse and causing more casualties. there are now two disturbing changes in the war: first, corpses are being dumped on the roadside, which reminds us of the early 1980's when death squads were active. second, urban guerrilla activity is increasing. the armed forces are justifiably concerned about those issues.    (begin recording) (ponce) i never talk about death squads. i talk about violence and the actions of the right- and left-wing groups. the army is determined, and is making all the necessary efforts, to counter those violent actions, regardless of which groups carry them out. (end recording)    col ponce met with members of the legislative assembly defense and public security committee today.    after 8 years, the war seems to be endless. arena (nationalist republican alliance) believes that a solution to the crisis could be the formation of a common front that will set up a national strategy and also loosen legal restrictions on the armed forces.    (begin recording) (arena deputy sigifredo ochoa) we must set up a national strategy, because we cannot let the guerrillas kill us. i think that we must act within the law. i think we must loosen the legal restrictions on the army, because the army can be effective but has its hands tied. (words indistinct) in its own country, it has been rejected for having defended communist guerrillas (words indistinct), which in (word indistinct) itself is considered as (words indistinct). we cannot understand how can it defend a criminal position. it is time for us to rally around a single purpose. (end recording)    there can still be a peaceful solution to the crisis.  christian democratic party (pdc) presidential candidate fidel chavez mena said he will seek a dialogue with the guerrilla movement. meanwhile, arena will make its own proposal to the fmln.    (begin recording) (ochoa) the pdc promised to achieve peace. that is an illusion. that is what the pdc candidate is proposing.  chavez mena has been in the government for years, and the government will not change its strategy. that proposal is merely a smokescreen.    we have been very clear about this. we must sit down to talk with the rebels within a strict time limit and without so much demagogy. we are willing to talk with the fmln-fdr. we want to make a proposal to them--not an arena proposal, but a national proposal. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(569, 570, ' the', 2.7710676193237305), (569, 596, ' the rebels within a strict time limit and without so much demagogy. we are willing to talk with the fmln-f', 0.7557660937309265), (569, 597, ' the rebels within a strict time limit and without so much demagogy. we are willing to talk with the fmln-fdr', -0.18699824810028076)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>colonel rene emilio ponce (chairman of the salvadoran joint chiefs of staff) appeared before the legislative assembly today. the assembly offered to loosen legal (word indistinct) on the armed forces to win the war.    some groups believe the country entered a crisis with the 15 october 1979 military coup. since then, el salvador has suffered a civil war that is getting worse and causing more casualties. there are now two disturbing changes in the war: first, corpses are being dumped on the roadside, which reminds us of the early 1980's when death squads were active. second, urban guerrilla activity is increasing. the armed forces are justifiably concerned about those issues.    (begin recording) (ponce) i never talk about death squads. i talk about violence and the actions of the right- and left-wing groups. the army is determined, and is making all the necessary efforts, to counter those violent actions, regardless of which groups carry them out. (end recording)    col ponce met with members of the legislative assembly defense and public security committee today.    after 8 years, the war seems to be endless. arena (nationalist republican alliance) believes that a solution to the crisis could be the formation of a common front that will set up a national strategy and also loosen legal restrictions on the armed forces.    (begin recording) (arena deputy sigifredo ochoa) we must set up a national strategy, because we cannot let the guerrillas kill us. i think that we must act within the law. i think we must loosen the legal restrictions on the army, because the army can be effective but has its hands tied. (words indistinct) in its own country, it has been rejected for having defended communist guerrillas (words indistinct), which in (word indistinct) itself is considered as (words indistinct). we cannot understand how can it defend a criminal position. it is time for us to rally around a single purpose. (end recording)    there can still be a peaceful solution to the crisis.  christian democratic party (pdc) presidential candidate fidel chavez mena said he will seek a dialogue with the guerrilla movement. meanwhile, arena will make its own proposal to the fmln.    (begin recording) (ochoa) the pdc promised to achieve peace. that is an illusion. that is what the pdc candidate is proposing.  chavez mena has been in the government for years, and the government will not change its strategy. that proposal is merely a smokescreen.    we have been very clear about this. we must sit down to talk with the rebels within a strict time limit and without so much demagogy. we are willing to talk with the fmln-fdr. we want to make a proposal to them--not an arena proposal, but a national proposal. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(110, 116, ' corpses are being dumped on the', 7.410745620727539), (110, 117, ' corpses are being dumped on the roadside', 4.675250053405762), (110, 128, " corpses are being dumped on the roadside, which reminds us of the early 1980's when death", 2.727782964706421)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>colonel rene emilio ponce (chairman of the salvadoran joint chiefs of staff) appeared before the legislative assembly today. the assembly offered to loosen legal (word indistinct) on the armed forces to win the war.    some groups believe the country entered a crisis with the 15 october 1979 military coup. since then, el salvador has suffered a civil war that is getting worse and causing more casualties. there are now two disturbing changes in the war: first, corpses are being dumped on the roadside, which reminds us of the early 1980's when death squads were active. second, urban guerrilla activity is increasing. the armed forces are justifiably concerned about those issues.    (begin recording) (ponce) i never talk about death squads. i talk about violence and the actions of the right- and left-wing groups. the army is determined, and is making all the necessary efforts, to counter those violent actions, regardless of which groups carry them out. (end recording)    col ponce met with members of the legislative assembly defense and public security committee today.    after 8 years, the war seems to be endless. arena (nationalist republican alliance) believes that a solution to the crisis could be the formation of a common front that will set up a national strategy and also loosen legal restrictions on the armed forces.    (begin recording) (arena deputy sigifredo ochoa) we must set up a national strategy, because we cannot let the guerrillas kill us. i think that we must act within the law. i think we must loosen the legal restrictions on the army, because the army can be effective but has its hands tied. (words indistinct) in its own country, it has been rejected for having defended communist guerrillas (words indistinct), which in (word indistinct) itself is considered as (words indistinct). we cannot understand how can it defend a criminal position. it is time for us to rally around a single purpose. (end recording)    there can still be a peaceful solution to the crisis.  christian democratic party (pdc) presidential candidate fidel chavez mena said he will seek a dialogue with the guerrilla movement. meanwhile, arena will make its own proposal to the fmln.    (begin recording) (ochoa) the pdc promised to achieve peace. that is an illusion. that is what the pdc candidate is proposing.  chavez mena has been in the government for years, and the government will not change its strategy. that proposal is merely a smokescreen.    we have been very clear about this. we must sit down to talk with the rebels within a strict time limit and without so much demagogy. we are willing to talk with the fmln-fdr. we want to make a proposal to them--not an arena proposal, but a national proposal. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(614, 615, ' national', -1.2172671556472778), (614, 614, '', -4.28891134262085), (614, 616, ' national proposal', -5.133133888244629)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>...over the red telephone and second, all hostilities have unilaterally ended on all farc fronts.  the government once asked me why they do not begin a unilateral end of hostilities if they have goodwill. here it is. i cannot do any more; i hope the government does not let this opportunity pass.    (gracia) do you believe talks should continue with the guerrilla groups?    (leyva) the truth is that i proposed something to the government, the political parties, and the guerrillas.  what you call talks is nothing more than the guerrillas' reply to the proposal--the same way as (former president) dr turbay, social conservative party president dr fabio valencia, and dr jaramillo ossa of the patriotic union did. the cardinals have been informed of the proposal, and the m-19 and farc have replied. in fact, they went even further; they unilaterally ended hostilities.  now the ball is in the government's court.    (gracia) taking into account that after agreeing not to, for example, carry out any ambushes against troops, the guerrillas continued; they broke the agreement. do you think we can again trust these statements?    (leyva) i cannot measure the confidence that should be given to others. the only thing i know is the government is seeking peace, so i imagine this is precisely the way. the suspicion that the government might have of them is the same as you might have, but if the government seeks peace, here is where they can find it, with a preliminary end to hostilities on all fronts. this is what (farc general secretary) jacobo arenas wrote in a letter that was not addressed to me but to the former presidents of colombia. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(113, 115, ' guerr', 7.001599311828613), (113, 129, ' guerrillas.  what you call talks is nothing more than the guerr', 3.6410984992980957), (113, 116, ' guerrillas', 1.217973232269287)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>...over the red telephone and second, all hostilities have unilaterally ended on all farc fronts.  the government once asked me why they do not begin a unilateral end of hostilities if they have goodwill. here it is. i cannot do any more; i hope the government does not let this opportunity pass.    (gracia) do you believe talks should continue with the guerrilla groups?    (leyva) the truth is that i proposed something to the government, the political parties, and the guerrillas.  what you call talks is nothing more than the guerrillas' reply to the proposal--the same way as (former president) dr turbay, social conservative party president dr fabio valencia, and dr jaramillo ossa of the patriotic union did. the cardinals have been informed of the proposal, and the m-19 and farc have replied. in fact, they went even further; they unilaterally ended hostilities.  now the ball is in the government's court.    (gracia) taking into account that after agreeing not to, for example, carry out any ambushes against troops, the guerrillas continued; they broke the agreement. do you think we can again trust these statements?    (leyva) i cannot measure the confidence that should be given to others. the only thing i know is the government is seeking peace, so i imagine this is precisely the way. the suspicion that the government might have of them is the same as you might have, but if the government seeks peace, here is where they can find it, with a preliminary end to hostilities on all fronts. this is what (farc general secretary) jacobo arenas wrote in a letter that was not addressed to me but to the former presidents of colombia. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(86, 87, ' guerrilla', 12.963376998901367), (86, 86, '', 11.298105239868164), (86, 115, ' guerrilla groups?    (leyva) the truth is that i proposed something to the government, the political parties, and the guerr', 10.954477310180664)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>...over the red telephone and second, all hostilities have unilaterally ended on all farc fronts.  the government once asked me why they do not begin a unilateral end of hostilities if they have goodwill. here it is. i cannot do any more; i hope the government does not let this opportunity pass.    (gracia) do you believe talks should continue with the guerrilla groups?    (leyva) the truth is that i proposed something to the government, the political parties, and the guerrillas.  what you call talks is nothing more than the guerrillas' reply to the proposal--the same way as (former president) dr turbay, social conservative party president dr fabio valencia, and dr jaramillo ossa of the patriotic union did. the cardinals have been informed of the proposal, and the m-19 and farc have replied. in fact, they went even further; they unilaterally ended hostilities.  now the ball is in the government's court.    (gracia) taking into account that after agreeing not to, for example, carry out any ambushes against troops, the guerrillas continued; they broke the agreement. do you think we can again trust these statements?    (leyva) i cannot measure the confidence that should be given to others. the only thing i know is the government is seeking peace, so i imagine this is precisely the way. the suspicion that the government might have of them is the same as you might have, but if the government seeks peace, here is where they can find it, with a preliminary end to hostilities on all fronts. this is what (farc general secretary) jacobo arenas wrote in a letter that was not addressed to me but to the former presidents of colombia. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(85, 86, ' guerrilla', 1.2917211055755615), (85, 114, ' guerrilla groups?    (leyva) the truth is that i proposed something to the government, the political parties, and the guerr', -0.6128501296043396), (85, 87, ' guerrilla groups', -3.062030076980591)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>...over the red telephone and second, all hostilities have unilaterally ended on all farc fronts.  the government once asked me why they do not begin a unilateral end of hostilities if they have goodwill. here it is. i cannot do any more; i hope the government does not let this opportunity pass.    (gracia) do you believe talks should continue with the guerrilla groups?    (leyva) the truth is that i proposed something to the government, the political parties, and the guerrillas.  what you call talks is nothing more than the guerrillas' reply to the proposal--the same way as (former president) dr turbay, social conservative party president dr fabio valencia, and dr jaramillo ossa of the patriotic union did. the cardinals have been informed of the proposal, and the m-19 and farc have replied. in fact, they went even further; they unilaterally ended hostilities.  now the ball is in the government's court.    (gracia) taking into account that after agreeing not to, for example, carry out any ambushes against troops, the guerrillas continued; they broke the agreement. do you think we can again trust these statements?    (leyva) i cannot measure the confidence that should be given to others. the only thing i know is the government is seeking peace, so i imagine this is precisely the way. the suspicion that the government might have of them is the same as you might have, but if the government seeks peace, here is where they can find it, with a preliminary end to hostilities on all fronts. this is what (farc general secretary) jacobo arenas wrote in a letter that was not addressed to me but to the former presidents of colombia. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(112, 114, ' guerr', 4.057285785675049), (112, 128, ' guerrillas.  what you call talks is nothing more than the guerr', -0.11504673957824707), (112, 115, ' guerrillas', -1.3001563549041748)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>...over the red telephone and second, all hostilities have unilaterally ended on all farc fronts.  the government once asked me why they do not begin a unilateral end of hostilities if they have goodwill. here it is. i cannot do any more; i hope the government does not let this opportunity pass.    (gracia) do you believe talks should continue with the guerrilla groups?    (leyva) the truth is that i proposed something to the government, the political parties, and the guerrillas.  what you call talks is nothing more than the guerrillas' reply to the proposal--the same way as (former president) dr turbay, social conservative party president dr fabio valencia, and dr jaramillo ossa of the patriotic union did. the cardinals have been informed of the proposal, and the m-19 and farc have replied. in fact, they went even further; they unilaterally ended hostilities.  now the ball is in the government's court.    (gracia) taking into account that after agreeing not to, for example, carry out any ambushes against troops, the guerrillas continued; they broke the agreement. do you think we can again trust these statements?    (leyva) i cannot measure the confidence that should be given to others. the only thing i know is the government is seeking peace, so i imagine this is precisely the way. the suspicion that the government might have of them is the same as you might have, but if the government seeks peace, here is where they can find it, with a preliminary end to hostilities on all fronts. this is what (farc general secretary) jacobo arenas wrote in a letter that was not addressed to me but to the former presidents of colombia. (end recording)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(85, 86, ' guerrilla', 6.995831489562988), (85, 114, ' guerrilla groups?    (leyva) the truth is that i proposed something to the government, the political parties, and the guerr', 4.349677085876465), (85, 87, ' guerrilla groups', 1.991586685180664)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>presumed shining path maoist extremists ambushed and killed 68 peasants in the locality of balcon, 200 km north of the southern city of ayacucho.    a peasant defense patrol unit was combing the area in search of guerrillas when it was ambushed on 22 november, the newspaper expreso reported today.    the wave of violence has hit peruvian tourist establishments in the city of huaraz, capital of the ancash department, where four inns and hotels were bombed last night, damaging the buildings and injuring an 18 year-old girl.    in cusco, 1,000 km southeast of lima, a bus (as received) heading toward machu pichu went out of control as the result of sabotage and fell into a 60-meter ravine. the wives of the jersey city, united states, and cusco mayors died in this accident.    leftist senator enrique bernales ballesteros, president of the special commission for the investigation and study of terrorism and violence, has noted that the escalation of violence has claimed the lives of 21 people per day during the month of november. he said that the increased violence can be traced to actions by the terrorist groups shining path and tupac amaru revolutionary movement (mrta). these attacks were repressed by the forces of order.    senator bernales reported that 630 people were killed in violent acts in november and that 1,775 have been killed over the past 12 months.    bernales said that 403 people were killed in november as a result of violent acts, including 147 civilians, 165 presumed terrorists, 65 armed forces members, and 26 drug traffickers. a total of 227 people were killed in urban violent acts.    senator bernales added that a total of nearly 13,000 people have been killed since the terrorist violence began in 1980.    bernales expressed his concern over the fact that 67 percent of the people killed in violent acts involved youths who were between 15 and 29 years of age. he asked the government to establish guidelines to counter this social phenomenon.    amid this bloody and destructive situation, the peruvian episcopal conference has made a christmas appeal, asking that--without ignoring "the seriousness of the situation"--for a truce "for peace, reconciliation, and tranquillity" to prevail in the country.    the bishops said: "recalling he who prevailed over death, we call upon those who have resorted to violence and killings as a solution to the evils of society, to allow the citizens for whom they claim to struggle to live like brothers."</s>', 'start_gold': 9, 'end_gold': 28, 'gold': '</s>presumed shining path maoist extremists ambushed and killed 68 peasants in the locality of', 'candidates': [(14, 17, ' maoist', 14.754924774169922), (14, 23, ' maoist extremists ambushed and killed 68', 10.812113761901855), (14, 21, ' maoist extremists ambushed and', 10.003482818603516)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>presumed shining path maoist extremists ambushed and killed 68 peasants in the locality of balcon, 200 km north of the southern city of ayacucho.    a peasant defense patrol unit was combing the area in search of guerrillas when it was ambushed on 22 november, the newspaper expreso reported today.    the wave of violence has hit peruvian tourist establishments in the city of huaraz, capital of the ancash department, where four inns and hotels were bombed last night, damaging the buildings and injuring an 18 year-old girl.    in cusco, 1,000 km southeast of lima, a bus (as received) heading toward machu pichu went out of control as the result of sabotage and fell into a 60-meter ravine. the wives of the jersey city, united states, and cusco mayors died in this accident.    leftist senator enrique bernales ballesteros, president of the special commission for the investigation and study of terrorism and violence, has noted that the escalation of violence has claimed the lives of 21 people per day during the month of november. he said that the increased violence can be traced to actions by the terrorist groups shining path and tupac amaru revolutionary movement (mrta). these attacks were repressed by the forces of order.    senator bernales reported that 630 people were killed in violent acts in november and that 1,775 have been killed over the past 12 months.    bernales said that 403 people were killed in november as a result of violent acts, including 147 civilians, 165 presumed terrorists, 65 armed forces members, and 26 drug traffickers. a total of 227 people were killed in urban violent acts.    senator bernales added that a total of nearly 13,000 people have been killed since the terrorist violence began in 1980.    bernales expressed his concern over the fact that 67 percent of the people killed in violent acts involved youths who were between 15 and 29 years of age. he asked the government to establish guidelines to counter this social phenomenon.    amid this bloody and destructive situation, the peruvian episcopal conference has made a christmas appeal, asking that--without ignoring "the seriousness of the situation"--for a truce "for peace, reconciliation, and tranquillity" to prevail in the country.    the bishops said: "recalling he who prevailed over death, we call upon those who have resorted to violence and killings as a solution to the evils of society, to allow the citizens for whom they claim to struggle to live like brothers."</s>', 'start_gold': 18, 'end_gold': 32, 'gold': ' ambushed and killed 68 peasants in the locality of balcon, 200 km', 'candidates': [(14, 17, ' maoist', 13.898080825805664), (14, 23, ' maoist extremists ambushed and killed 68', 9.397953033447266), (14, 16, ' mao', 8.858756065368652)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>presumed shining path maoist extremists ambushed and killed 68 peasants in the locality of balcon, 200 km north of the southern city of ayacucho.    a peasant defense patrol unit was combing the area in search of guerrillas when it was ambushed on 22 november, the newspaper expreso reported today.    the wave of violence has hit peruvian tourist establishments in the city of huaraz, capital of the ancash department, where four inns and hotels were bombed last night, damaging the buildings and injuring an 18 year-old girl.    in cusco, 1,000 km southeast of lima, a bus (as received) heading toward machu pichu went out of control as the result of sabotage and fell into a 60-meter ravine. the wives of the jersey city, united states, and cusco mayors died in this accident.    leftist senator enrique bernales ballesteros, president of the special commission for the investigation and study of terrorism and violence, has noted that the escalation of violence has claimed the lives of 21 people per day during the month of november. he said that the increased violence can be traced to actions by the terrorist groups shining path and tupac amaru revolutionary movement (mrta). these attacks were repressed by the forces of order.    senator bernales reported that 630 people were killed in violent acts in november and that 1,775 have been killed over the past 12 months.    bernales said that 403 people were killed in november as a result of violent acts, including 147 civilians, 165 presumed terrorists, 65 armed forces members, and 26 drug traffickers. a total of 227 people were killed in urban violent acts.    senator bernales added that a total of nearly 13,000 people have been killed since the terrorist violence began in 1980.    bernales expressed his concern over the fact that 67 percent of the people killed in violent acts involved youths who were between 15 and 29 years of age. he asked the government to establish guidelines to counter this social phenomenon.    amid this bloody and destructive situation, the peruvian episcopal conference has made a christmas appeal, asking that--without ignoring "the seriousness of the situation"--for a truce "for peace, reconciliation, and tranquillity" to prevail in the country.    the bishops said: "recalling he who prevailed over death, we call upon those who have resorted to violence and killings as a solution to the evils of society, to allow the citizens for whom they claim to struggle to live like brothers."</s>', 'start_gold': 50, 'end_gold': 61, 'gold': ' was combing the area in search of guerrillas', 'candidates': [(58, 60, ' guerr', 2.906405448913574), (58, 65, ' guerrillas when it was amb', -1.9513388872146606), (21, 22, ' 68', 1.9075126647949219)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>presumed shining path maoist extremists ambushed and killed 68 peasants in the locality of balcon, 200 km north of the southern city of ayacucho.    a peasant defense patrol unit was combing the area in search of guerrillas when it was ambushed on 22 november, the newspaper expreso reported today.    the wave of violence has hit peruvian tourist establishments in the city of huaraz, capital of the ancash department, where four inns and hotels were bombed last night, damaging the buildings and injuring an 18 year-old girl.    in cusco, 1,000 km southeast of lima, a bus (as received) heading toward machu pichu went out of control as the result of sabotage and fell into a 60-meter ravine. the wives of the jersey city, united states, and cusco mayors died in this accident.    leftist senator enrique bernales ballesteros, president of the special commission for the investigation and study of terrorism and violence, has noted that the escalation of violence has claimed the lives of 21 people per day during the month of november. he said that the increased violence can be traced to actions by the terrorist groups shining path and tupac amaru revolutionary movement (mrta). these attacks were repressed by the forces of order.    senator bernales reported that 630 people were killed in violent acts in november and that 1,775 have been killed over the past 12 months.    bernales said that 403 people were killed in november as a result of violent acts, including 147 civilians, 165 presumed terrorists, 65 armed forces members, and 26 drug traffickers. a total of 227 people were killed in urban violent acts.    senator bernales added that a total of nearly 13,000 people have been killed since the terrorist violence began in 1980.    bernales expressed his concern over the fact that 67 percent of the people killed in violent acts involved youths who were between 15 and 29 years of age. he asked the government to establish guidelines to counter this social phenomenon.    amid this bloody and destructive situation, the peruvian episcopal conference has made a christmas appeal, asking that--without ignoring "the seriousness of the situation"--for a truce "for peace, reconciliation, and tranquillity" to prevail in the country.    the bishops said: "recalling he who prevailed over death, we call upon those who have resorted to violence and killings as a solution to the evils of society, to allow the citizens for whom they claim to struggle to live like brothers."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(21, 22, ' 68', 10.732851028442383), (21, 27, ' 68 peasants in the locality of', 7.572246551513672), (21, 41, ' 68 peasants in the locality of balcon, 200 km north of the southern city of ayacucho', 6.366824150085449)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>presumed shining path maoist extremists ambushed and killed 68 peasants in the locality of balcon, 200 km north of the southern city of ayacucho.    a peasant defense patrol unit was combing the area in search of guerrillas when it was ambushed on 22 november, the newspaper expreso reported today.    the wave of violence has hit peruvian tourist establishments in the city of huaraz, capital of the ancash department, where four inns and hotels were bombed last night, damaging the buildings and injuring an 18 year-old girl.    in cusco, 1,000 km southeast of lima, a bus (as received) heading toward machu pichu went out of control as the result of sabotage and fell into a 60-meter ravine. the wives of the jersey city, united states, and cusco mayors died in this accident.    leftist senator enrique bernales ballesteros, president of the special commission for the investigation and study of terrorism and violence, has noted that the escalation of violence has claimed the lives of 21 people per day during the month of november. he said that the increased violence can be traced to actions by the terrorist groups shining path and tupac amaru revolutionary movement (mrta). these attacks were repressed by the forces of order.    senator bernales reported that 630 people were killed in violent acts in november and that 1,775 have been killed over the past 12 months.    bernales said that 403 people were killed in november as a result of violent acts, including 147 civilians, 165 presumed terrorists, 65 armed forces members, and 26 drug traffickers. a total of 227 people were killed in urban violent acts.    senator bernales added that a total of nearly 13,000 people have been killed since the terrorist violence began in 1980.    bernales expressed his concern over the fact that 67 percent of the people killed in violent acts involved youths who were between 15 and 29 years of age. he asked the government to establish guidelines to counter this social phenomenon.    amid this bloody and destructive situation, the peruvian episcopal conference has made a christmas appeal, asking that--without ignoring "the seriousness of the situation"--for a truce "for peace, reconciliation, and tranquillity" to prevail in the country.    the bishops said: "recalling he who prevailed over death, we call upon those who have resorted to violence and killings as a solution to the evils of society, to allow the citizens for whom they claim to struggle to live like brothers."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(13, 16, ' maoist', 7.323097229003906), (13, 22, ' maoist extremists ambushed and killed 68', 4.343183994293213), (13, 27, ' maoist extremists ambushed and killed 68 peasants in the locality of', 2.614332675933838)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the army has reported that it inflicted 208 guerrilla casualties during clashes in november. meanwhile, the fmln rebels have said they inflicted 991 casualties on the army--including dead and wounded--as a result of their attacks, harassment, and ambushes during the same period.    the military report says 93 fmln guerrillas were killed and 115 wounded as a result of nationwide counterinsurgency military operations during the month of november.    the report added that during the same period, the army confiscated 105 high-caliber rifles, 2 m-60 machineguns, 20 revolvers of various calibers, more than 55,000 cartridges, 168 fragmentation grenades, 236 mines, 9 communication radios, and a large amount of material for homemade bombs.    the military report added that during the month of november, guerrillas killed 43 peasants, kidnapped 32, and caused the death of 6 people and crippled 23 others as a result of mine explosions.    in the war against public property--the pillar of a war economy--the military source reported that six mayorial offices and six national administration for telecommunications offices were damaged in various towns and six junction boxes were sabotaged.    in addition, 4 trains belonging to the salvadoran national railroad, fenadesal, were blown up, and 10 vehicles and 5 buses were partially damaged.    regarding damage to the electricity system, the fmln knocked down 46 towers and 136 high-tension power poles and damaged 11 transformers.</s>', 'start_gold': 117, 'end_gold': 131, 'gold': ' the army confiscated 105 high-caliber rifles, 2 m-60 machine', 'candidates': [(30, 33, ' fmln', 6.872756481170654), (30, 43, ' fmln rebels have said they inflicted 991 casualties on the', 1.1144535541534424), (30, 34, ' fmln rebels', 1.0260651111602783)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the army has reported that it inflicted 208 guerrilla casualties during clashes in november. meanwhile, the fmln rebels have said they inflicted 991 casualties on the army--including dead and wounded--as a result of their attacks, harassment, and ambushes during the same period.    the military report says 93 fmln guerrillas were killed and 115 wounded as a result of nationwide counterinsurgency military operations during the month of november.    the report added that during the same period, the army confiscated 105 high-caliber rifles, 2 m-60 machineguns, 20 revolvers of various calibers, more than 55,000 cartridges, 168 fragmentation grenades, 236 mines, 9 communication radios, and a large amount of material for homemade bombs.    the military report added that during the month of november, guerrillas killed 43 peasants, kidnapped 32, and caused the death of 6 people and crippled 23 others as a result of mine explosions.    in the war against public property--the pillar of a war economy--the military source reported that six mayorial offices and six national administration for telecommunications offices were damaged in various towns and six junction boxes were sabotaged.    in addition, 4 trains belonging to the salvadoran national railroad, fenadesal, were blown up, and 10 vehicles and 5 buses were partially damaged.    regarding damage to the electricity system, the fmln knocked down 46 towers and 136 high-tension power poles and damaged 11 transformers.</s>', 'start_gold': 117, 'end_gold': 130, 'gold': ' the army confiscated 105 high-caliber rifles, 2 m-60', 'candidates': [(30, 33, ' fmln', 10.468860626220703), (30, 34, ' fmln rebels', 4.564018726348877), (30, 43, ' fmln rebels have said they inflicted 991 casualties on the', 3.920882225036621)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the army has reported that it inflicted 208 guerrilla casualties during clashes in november. meanwhile, the fmln rebels have said they inflicted 991 casualties on the army--including dead and wounded--as a result of their attacks, harassment, and ambushes during the same period.    the military report says 93 fmln guerrillas were killed and 115 wounded as a result of nationwide counterinsurgency military operations during the month of november.    the report added that during the same period, the army confiscated 105 high-caliber rifles, 2 m-60 machineguns, 20 revolvers of various calibers, more than 55,000 cartridges, 168 fragmentation grenades, 236 mines, 9 communication radios, and a large amount of material for homemade bombs.    the military report added that during the month of november, guerrillas killed 43 peasants, kidnapped 32, and caused the death of 6 people and crippled 23 others as a result of mine explosions.    in the war against public property--the pillar of a war economy--the military source reported that six mayorial offices and six national administration for telecommunications offices were damaged in various towns and six junction boxes were sabotaged.    in addition, 4 trains belonging to the salvadoran national railroad, fenadesal, were blown up, and 10 vehicles and 5 buses were partially damaged.    regarding damage to the electricity system, the fmln knocked down 46 towers and 136 high-tension power poles and damaged 11 transformers.</s>', 'start_gold': 1052, 'end_gold': 1065, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(29, 32, ' fmln', 4.865005970001221), (29, 42, ' fmln rebels have said they inflicted 991 casualties on the', 3.568173408508301), (29, 54, ' fmln rebels have said they inflicted 991 casualties on the army--including dead and wounded--as a result of their', -0.48267555236816406)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the army has reported that it inflicted 208 guerrilla casualties during clashes in november. meanwhile, the fmln rebels have said they inflicted 991 casualties on the army--including dead and wounded--as a result of their attacks, harassment, and ambushes during the same period.    the military report says 93 fmln guerrillas were killed and 115 wounded as a result of nationwide counterinsurgency military operations during the month of november.    the report added that during the same period, the army confiscated 105 high-caliber rifles, 2 m-60 machineguns, 20 revolvers of various calibers, more than 55,000 cartridges, 168 fragmentation grenades, 236 mines, 9 communication radios, and a large amount of material for homemade bombs.    the military report added that during the month of november, guerrillas killed 43 peasants, kidnapped 32, and caused the death of 6 people and crippled 23 others as a result of mine explosions.    in the war against public property--the pillar of a war economy--the military source reported that six mayorial offices and six national administration for telecommunications offices were damaged in various towns and six junction boxes were sabotaged.    in addition, 4 trains belonging to the salvadoran national railroad, fenadesal, were blown up, and 10 vehicles and 5 buses were partially damaged.    regarding damage to the electricity system, the fmln knocked down 46 towers and 136 high-tension power poles and damaged 11 transformers.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(29, 32, ' fmln', 1.3158599138259888), (29, 42, ' fmln rebels have said they inflicted 991 casualties on the', 0.776833176612854), (29, 47, ' fmln rebels have said they inflicted 991 casualties on the army--including dead and', 0.3873387575149536)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the army has reported that it inflicted 208 guerrilla casualties during clashes in november. meanwhile, the fmln rebels have said they inflicted 991 casualties on the army--including dead and wounded--as a result of their attacks, harassment, and ambushes during the same period.    the military report says 93 fmln guerrillas were killed and 115 wounded as a result of nationwide counterinsurgency military operations during the month of november.    the report added that during the same period, the army confiscated 105 high-caliber rifles, 2 m-60 machineguns, 20 revolvers of various calibers, more than 55,000 cartridges, 168 fragmentation grenades, 236 mines, 9 communication radios, and a large amount of material for homemade bombs.    the military report added that during the month of november, guerrillas killed 43 peasants, kidnapped 32, and caused the death of 6 people and crippled 23 others as a result of mine explosions.    in the war against public property--the pillar of a war economy--the military source reported that six mayorial offices and six national administration for telecommunications offices were damaged in various towns and six junction boxes were sabotaged.    in addition, 4 trains belonging to the salvadoran national railroad, fenadesal, were blown up, and 10 vehicles and 5 buses were partially damaged.    regarding damage to the electricity system, the fmln knocked down 46 towers and 136 high-tension power poles and damaged 11 transformers.</s>', 'start_gold': 667, 'end_gold': 678, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(119, 149, ' 105 high-caliber rifles, 2 m-60 machineguns, 20 revolvers of various calibers, more than 55,000 cartridges, 168 fragmentation', 9.527565002441406), (119, 138, ' 105 high-caliber rifles, 2 m-60 machineguns, 20 revolvers of various calib', 9.411426544189453), (119, 130, ' 105 high-caliber rifles, 2 m-60 machine', 9.27805233001709)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>there is a subject of interest to radio havana listeners: the urng's humanization of the war policy.    (villagran) right now, the political and diplomatic commission, on directions from the urng general command, is making every effort to humanize the war situation in the country, especially by showing respect for the geneva agreement, which guatemala signed.    we are doing this because the repressive war the army has been waging against the revolutionary movement and the population has reached levels of extreme cruelty, including indiscriminate bombings and the use of defoliants in conflict zones where civilians live.    there is the particular situation in which neither the guatemalan army nor the government take any war prisoners. this makes us believe that the cruelty used against civilians and people involved in the armed conflict is a violation of human rights.    (martinez) does the urng have any prisoners at this moment?    (villagran) yes. we have sent a note to the national reconciliation commission so it can handle the case of soldier carlos perez lopez, who was captured wounded in the san marcos region, near galvez. he has been given much medical attention. now that he has fully recovered, we are thinking about publicly returning this guatemalan, and we are asking the reconciliation commission to take measures through the international red cross (irc) to receive this man in the framework of the humanization process.    (martinez) will this be the first time the urng will make this kind of contact with the irc?    (villagran) the irc has had localization problems.  there has been the argument that there is a national red cross. contact with the irc is possible if there is a presence of this organization that functions based on international agreements. now that the irc is present, the work is being facilitated.    the contact with the irc is at the initiation level.  however, i believe these contacts will be very useful in the future, especially for persons not involved in the armed conflict.    (martinez) i think it would be useful if we close this interview with you repeating the name of the guatemalan army soldier who is being held by the urng and whom the guerrilla forces are prepared to turn over to the irc.    (villagran) yes. his name is carlos lopez perez (as heard).    (martinez) thank you, villagran.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(515, 521, ' carlos lopez pere', 10.364839553833008), (515, 525, ' carlos lopez perez (as heard', 7.3448028564453125), (515, 518, ' carlos l', 6.246959209442139)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>there is a subject of interest to radio havana listeners: the urng's humanization of the war policy.    (villagran) right now, the political and diplomatic commission, on directions from the urng general command, is making every effort to humanize the war situation in the country, especially by showing respect for the geneva agreement, which guatemala signed.    we are doing this because the repressive war the army has been waging against the revolutionary movement and the population has reached levels of extreme cruelty, including indiscriminate bombings and the use of defoliants in conflict zones where civilians live.    there is the particular situation in which neither the guatemalan army nor the government take any war prisoners. this makes us believe that the cruelty used against civilians and people involved in the armed conflict is a violation of human rights.    (martinez) does the urng have any prisoners at this moment?    (villagran) yes. we have sent a note to the national reconciliation commission so it can handle the case of soldier carlos perez lopez, who was captured wounded in the san marcos region, near galvez. he has been given much medical attention. now that he has fully recovered, we are thinking about publicly returning this guatemalan, and we are asking the reconciliation commission to take measures through the international red cross (irc) to receive this man in the framework of the humanization process.    (martinez) will this be the first time the urng will make this kind of contact with the irc?    (villagran) the irc has had localization problems.  there has been the argument that there is a national red cross. contact with the irc is possible if there is a presence of this organization that functions based on international agreements. now that the irc is present, the work is being facilitated.    the contact with the irc is at the initiation level.  however, i believe these contacts will be very useful in the future, especially for persons not involved in the armed conflict.    (martinez) i think it would be useful if we close this interview with you repeating the name of the guatemalan army soldier who is being held by the urng and whom the guerrilla forces are prepared to turn over to the irc.    (villagran) yes. his name is carlos lopez perez (as heard).    (martinez) thank you, villagran.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(515, 521, ' carlos lopez pere', 10.490224838256836), (515, 525, ' carlos lopez perez (as heard', 6.925216197967529), (515, 518, ' carlos l', 6.6591715812683105)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>there is a subject of interest to radio havana listeners: the urng's humanization of the war policy.    (villagran) right now, the political and diplomatic commission, on directions from the urng general command, is making every effort to humanize the war situation in the country, especially by showing respect for the geneva agreement, which guatemala signed.    we are doing this because the repressive war the army has been waging against the revolutionary movement and the population has reached levels of extreme cruelty, including indiscriminate bombings and the use of defoliants in conflict zones where civilians live.    there is the particular situation in which neither the guatemalan army nor the government take any war prisoners. this makes us believe that the cruelty used against civilians and people involved in the armed conflict is a violation of human rights.    (martinez) does the urng have any prisoners at this moment?    (villagran) yes. we have sent a note to the national reconciliation commission so it can handle the case of soldier carlos perez lopez, who was captured wounded in the san marcos region, near galvez. he has been given much medical attention. now that he has fully recovered, we are thinking about publicly returning this guatemalan, and we are asking the reconciliation commission to take measures through the international red cross (irc) to receive this man in the framework of the humanization process.    (martinez) will this be the first time the urng will make this kind of contact with the irc?    (villagran) the irc has had localization problems.  there has been the argument that there is a national red cross. contact with the irc is possible if there is a presence of this organization that functions based on international agreements. now that the irc is present, the work is being facilitated.    the contact with the irc is at the initiation level.  however, i believe these contacts will be very useful in the future, especially for persons not involved in the armed conflict.    (martinez) i think it would be useful if we close this interview with you repeating the name of the guatemalan army soldier who is being held by the urng and whom the guerrilla forces are prepared to turn over to the irc.    (villagran) yes. his name is carlos lopez perez (as heard).    (martinez) thank you, villagran.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(135, 136, ' civilians', 6.412456035614014), (135, 135, '', 4.46044397354126), (135, 137, ' civilians live', 3.3026020526885986)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>there is a subject of interest to radio havana listeners: the urng's humanization of the war policy.    (villagran) right now, the political and diplomatic commission, on directions from the urng general command, is making every effort to humanize the war situation in the country, especially by showing respect for the geneva agreement, which guatemala signed.    we are doing this because the repressive war the army has been waging against the revolutionary movement and the population has reached levels of extreme cruelty, including indiscriminate bombings and the use of defoliants in conflict zones where civilians live.    there is the particular situation in which neither the guatemalan army nor the government take any war prisoners. this makes us believe that the cruelty used against civilians and people involved in the armed conflict is a violation of human rights.    (martinez) does the urng have any prisoners at this moment?    (villagran) yes. we have sent a note to the national reconciliation commission so it can handle the case of soldier carlos perez lopez, who was captured wounded in the san marcos region, near galvez. he has been given much medical attention. now that he has fully recovered, we are thinking about publicly returning this guatemalan, and we are asking the reconciliation commission to take measures through the international red cross (irc) to receive this man in the framework of the humanization process.    (martinez) will this be the first time the urng will make this kind of contact with the irc?    (villagran) the irc has had localization problems.  there has been the argument that there is a national red cross. contact with the irc is possible if there is a presence of this organization that functions based on international agreements. now that the irc is present, the work is being facilitated.    the contact with the irc is at the initiation level.  however, i believe these contacts will be very useful in the future, especially for persons not involved in the armed conflict.    (martinez) i think it would be useful if we close this interview with you repeating the name of the guatemalan army soldier who is being held by the urng and whom the guerrilla forces are prepared to turn over to the irc.    (villagran) yes. his name is carlos lopez perez (as heard).    (martinez) thank you, villagran.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(514, 520, ' carlos lopez pere', 5.015007495880127), (514, 524, ' carlos lopez perez (as heard', 2.761563777923584), (514, 517, ' carlos l', 1.9439783096313477)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>there is a subject of interest to radio havana listeners: the urng's humanization of the war policy.    (villagran) right now, the political and diplomatic commission, on directions from the urng general command, is making every effort to humanize the war situation in the country, especially by showing respect for the geneva agreement, which guatemala signed.    we are doing this because the repressive war the army has been waging against the revolutionary movement and the population has reached levels of extreme cruelty, including indiscriminate bombings and the use of defoliants in conflict zones where civilians live.    there is the particular situation in which neither the guatemalan army nor the government take any war prisoners. this makes us believe that the cruelty used against civilians and people involved in the armed conflict is a violation of human rights.    (martinez) does the urng have any prisoners at this moment?    (villagran) yes. we have sent a note to the national reconciliation commission so it can handle the case of soldier carlos perez lopez, who was captured wounded in the san marcos region, near galvez. he has been given much medical attention. now that he has fully recovered, we are thinking about publicly returning this guatemalan, and we are asking the reconciliation commission to take measures through the international red cross (irc) to receive this man in the framework of the humanization process.    (martinez) will this be the first time the urng will make this kind of contact with the irc?    (villagran) the irc has had localization problems.  there has been the argument that there is a national red cross. contact with the irc is possible if there is a presence of this organization that functions based on international agreements. now that the irc is present, the work is being facilitated.    the contact with the irc is at the initiation level.  however, i believe these contacts will be very useful in the future, especially for persons not involved in the armed conflict.    (martinez) i think it would be useful if we close this interview with you repeating the name of the guatemalan army soldier who is being held by the urng and whom the guerrilla forces are prepared to turn over to the irc.    (villagran) yes. his name is carlos lopez perez (as heard).    (martinez) thank you, villagran.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(514, 520, ' carlos lopez pere', 4.825315952301025), (514, 537, ' carlos lopez perez (as heard).    (martinez) thank you, villag', 2.108454704284668), (514, 524, ' carlos lopez perez (as heard', 2.0927088260650635)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>it was barely noon when a man who had just arrived on a flight from medellin went into the national bookstore to buy some newspapers.  meanwhile, his bodyguard-chauffeur waited for him in the lobby. the man with the newspapers, a cattleman named gustavo de jesus escobar fernandez, had just left the bookstore when the trouble started. escobar was preparing to go to his car when a man approached him.  the man, around 35 years old and 5 feet 9 inches tall, took out a 7.65 caliber pistol and began firing. panic spread throughout the terminal as people threw themselves on the floor to avoid being shot.    escobar immediately fell to the floor as his attacker tried to escape through one of the exits. apparently, he did not take into account the presence of the bodyguard, who had enough time to draw his gun and shoot the aggressor, who died at the scene. escobar fernandez was taken to the san pedro claver clinic, where he was pronounced dead on arrival. but the tragic event did not end there. a 20-year-old woman who was at the airport, maria florez gutierrez, was seriously wounded and her condition was listed as serious when this edition went to print.    early details did not clarify the motivation for the attack. according to documents found in his clothing, in addition to his activities as a cattleman, gustavo de jesus escobar was a legal advisor in congress, although this was denied by spokesmen from that institution. things took another turn that evening, when the television news program 24 hours reported that escobar fernandez was the cousin of pablo escobar gaviria. this gave rise to the supposition that the attack was linked to the series of killings in the so-called "cartel war."    as to the attacker, neither his real motives nor his identity were known at the end of the week. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 35, 'end_gold': 47, 'gold': ' some newspapers.  meanwhile, his bodyguard-chau', 'candidates': [(62, 76, ' a cattleman named gustavo de jesus escobar f', 3.289802312850952), (62, 64, ' a cattle', 2.043879985809326), (62, 77, ' a cattleman named gustavo de jesus escobar fernandez', 0.5015006065368652)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>it was barely noon when a man who had just arrived on a flight from medellin went into the national bookstore to buy some newspapers.  meanwhile, his bodyguard-chauffeur waited for him in the lobby. the man with the newspapers, a cattleman named gustavo de jesus escobar fernandez, had just left the bookstore when the trouble started. escobar was preparing to go to his car when a man approached him.  the man, around 35 years old and 5 feet 9 inches tall, took out a 7.65 caliber pistol and began firing. panic spread throughout the terminal as people threw themselves on the floor to avoid being shot.    escobar immediately fell to the floor as his attacker tried to escape through one of the exits. apparently, he did not take into account the presence of the bodyguard, who had enough time to draw his gun and shoot the aggressor, who died at the scene. escobar fernandez was taken to the san pedro claver clinic, where he was pronounced dead on arrival. but the tragic event did not end there. a 20-year-old woman who was at the airport, maria florez gutierrez, was seriously wounded and her condition was listed as serious when this edition went to print.    early details did not clarify the motivation for the attack. according to documents found in his clothing, in addition to his activities as a cattleman, gustavo de jesus escobar was a legal advisor in congress, although this was denied by spokesmen from that institution. things took another turn that evening, when the television news program 24 hours reported that escobar fernandez was the cousin of pablo escobar gaviria. this gave rise to the supposition that the attack was linked to the series of killings in the so-called "cartel war."    as to the attacker, neither his real motives nor his identity were known at the end of the week. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(62, 76, ' a cattleman named gustavo de jesus escobar f', 4.653197288513184), (62, 64, ' a cattle', 3.1477460861206055), (62, 77, ' a cattleman named gustavo de jesus escobar fernandez', 1.6157944202423096)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>it was barely noon when a man who had just arrived on a flight from medellin went into the national bookstore to buy some newspapers.  meanwhile, his bodyguard-chauffeur waited for him in the lobby. the man with the newspapers, a cattleman named gustavo de jesus escobar fernandez, had just left the bookstore when the trouble started. escobar was preparing to go to his car when a man approached him.  the man, around 35 years old and 5 feet 9 inches tall, took out a 7.65 caliber pistol and began firing. panic spread throughout the terminal as people threw themselves on the floor to avoid being shot.    escobar immediately fell to the floor as his attacker tried to escape through one of the exits. apparently, he did not take into account the presence of the bodyguard, who had enough time to draw his gun and shoot the aggressor, who died at the scene. escobar fernandez was taken to the san pedro claver clinic, where he was pronounced dead on arrival. but the tragic event did not end there. a 20-year-old woman who was at the airport, maria florez gutierrez, was seriously wounded and her condition was listed as serious when this edition went to print.    early details did not clarify the motivation for the attack. according to documents found in his clothing, in addition to his activities as a cattleman, gustavo de jesus escobar was a legal advisor in congress, although this was denied by spokesmen from that institution. things took another turn that evening, when the television news program 24 hours reported that escobar fernandez was the cousin of pablo escobar gaviria. this gave rise to the supposition that the attack was linked to the series of killings in the so-called "cartel war."    as to the attacker, neither his real motives nor his identity were known at the end of the week. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(388, 390, 'cartel', -2.3563027381896973), (388, 391, 'cartel war', -2.3759005069732666), (65, 75, ' gustavo de jesus escobar f', -4.7072343826293945)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>it was barely noon when a man who had just arrived on a flight from medellin went into the national bookstore to buy some newspapers.  meanwhile, his bodyguard-chauffeur waited for him in the lobby. the man with the newspapers, a cattleman named gustavo de jesus escobar fernandez, had just left the bookstore when the trouble started. escobar was preparing to go to his car when a man approached him.  the man, around 35 years old and 5 feet 9 inches tall, took out a 7.65 caliber pistol and began firing. panic spread throughout the terminal as people threw themselves on the floor to avoid being shot.    escobar immediately fell to the floor as his attacker tried to escape through one of the exits. apparently, he did not take into account the presence of the bodyguard, who had enough time to draw his gun and shoot the aggressor, who died at the scene. escobar fernandez was taken to the san pedro claver clinic, where he was pronounced dead on arrival. but the tragic event did not end there. a 20-year-old woman who was at the airport, maria florez gutierrez, was seriously wounded and her condition was listed as serious when this edition went to print.    early details did not clarify the motivation for the attack. according to documents found in his clothing, in addition to his activities as a cattleman, gustavo de jesus escobar was a legal advisor in congress, although this was denied by spokesmen from that institution. things took another turn that evening, when the television news program 24 hours reported that escobar fernandez was the cousin of pablo escobar gaviria. this gave rise to the supposition that the attack was linked to the series of killings in the so-called "cartel war."    as to the attacker, neither his real motives nor his identity were known at the end of the week. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 254, 'end_gold': 276, 'gold': 'ierrez, was seriously wounded and her condition was listed as serious when this edition went to print.   ', 'candidates': [(235, 254, ' a 20-year-old woman who was at the airport, maria florez gut', 0.2484751045703888), (235, 241, ' a 20-year-old', -0.7535429000854492), (235, 246, ' a 20-year-old woman who was at the', -0.9933657646179199)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>it was barely noon when a man who had just arrived on a flight from medellin went into the national bookstore to buy some newspapers.  meanwhile, his bodyguard-chauffeur waited for him in the lobby. the man with the newspapers, a cattleman named gustavo de jesus escobar fernandez, had just left the bookstore when the trouble started. escobar was preparing to go to his car when a man approached him.  the man, around 35 years old and 5 feet 9 inches tall, took out a 7.65 caliber pistol and began firing. panic spread throughout the terminal as people threw themselves on the floor to avoid being shot.    escobar immediately fell to the floor as his attacker tried to escape through one of the exits. apparently, he did not take into account the presence of the bodyguard, who had enough time to draw his gun and shoot the aggressor, who died at the scene. escobar fernandez was taken to the san pedro claver clinic, where he was pronounced dead on arrival. but the tragic event did not end there. a 20-year-old woman who was at the airport, maria florez gutierrez, was seriously wounded and her condition was listed as serious when this edition went to print.    early details did not clarify the motivation for the attack. according to documents found in his clothing, in addition to his activities as a cattleman, gustavo de jesus escobar was a legal advisor in congress, although this was denied by spokesmen from that institution. things took another turn that evening, when the television news program 24 hours reported that escobar fernandez was the cousin of pablo escobar gaviria. this gave rise to the supposition that the attack was linked to the series of killings in the so-called "cartel war."    as to the attacker, neither his real motives nor his identity were known at the end of the week. (passage omitted)</s>', 'start_gold': 477, 'end_gold': 492, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(120, 124, ' 7.65 caliber', 8.526721000671387), (120, 123, ' 7.65', 5.684876441955566), (120, 127, ' 7.65 caliber pistol and began', 4.840503215789795)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the commander of military detachment no 4 today reported today the discovery of 22 dead guerrillas in morazan department. according to colonel roman alfonso barrera, the bodies were found near osicala following a search operation after an fmln attack on army positions in that area.    meanwhile, three guerrillas were killed yesterday during a clash with the 3d brigade from chiriligua, san gerardo, in san miguel department.    this morning, insurgents derailed a train in the soyapango jurisdiction. fenadesal (salvadoran national railroad) spokesmen said the incident took place at the km 249 point on the railway line where the train was derailed by a claymore mine. there were no casualties.</s>', 'start_gold': 97, 'end_gold': 111, 'gold': ' san gerardo, in san miguel department.    this', 'candidates': [(25, 27, ' guerr', 6.679825782775879), (25, 25, '', 0.4701526165008545), (25, 32, ' guerrillas in morazan', -0.014245271682739258)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the commander of military detachment no 4 today reported today the discovery of 22 dead guerrillas in morazan department. according to colonel roman alfonso barrera, the bodies were found near osicala following a search operation after an fmln attack on army positions in that area.    meanwhile, three guerrillas were killed yesterday during a clash with the 3d brigade from chiriligua, san gerardo, in san miguel department.    this morning, insurgents derailed a train in the soyapango jurisdiction. fenadesal (salvadoran national railroad) spokesmen said the incident took place at the km 249 point on the railway line where the train was derailed by a claymore mine. there were no casualties.</s>', 'start_gold': 248, 'end_gold': 261, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(25, 27, ' guerr', 7.750014305114746), (25, 32, ' guerrillas in morazan', 1.587325096130371), (25, 25, '', 1.3099298477172852)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the commander of military detachment no 4 today reported today the discovery of 22 dead guerrillas in morazan department. according to colonel roman alfonso barrera, the bodies were found near osicala following a search operation after an fmln attack on army positions in that area.    meanwhile, three guerrillas were killed yesterday during a clash with the 3d brigade from chiriligua, san gerardo, in san miguel department.    this morning, insurgents derailed a train in the soyapango jurisdiction. fenadesal (salvadoran national railroad) spokesmen said the incident took place at the km 249 point on the railway line where the train was derailed by a claymore mine. there were no casualties.</s>', 'start_gold': 474, 'end_gold': 485, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(63, 64, ' army', 5.13469123840332), (63, 67, ' army positions in that', 3.5206024646759033), (63, 68, ' army positions in that area', 1.8481465578079224)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the commander of military detachment no 4 today reported today the discovery of 22 dead guerrillas in morazan department. according to colonel roman alfonso barrera, the bodies were found near osicala following a search operation after an fmln attack on army positions in that area.    meanwhile, three guerrillas were killed yesterday during a clash with the 3d brigade from chiriligua, san gerardo, in san miguel department.    this morning, insurgents derailed a train in the soyapango jurisdiction. fenadesal (salvadoran national railroad) spokesmen said the incident took place at the km 249 point on the railway line where the train was derailed by a claymore mine. there were no casualties.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(24, 26, ' guerr', 6.257551193237305), (24, 31, ' guerrillas in morazan', 3.0599119663238525), (24, 32, ' guerrillas in morazan department', 0.9929485321044922)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the commander of military detachment no 4 today reported today the discovery of 22 dead guerrillas in morazan department. according to colonel roman alfonso barrera, the bodies were found near osicala following a search operation after an fmln attack on army positions in that area.    meanwhile, three guerrillas were killed yesterday during a clash with the 3d brigade from chiriligua, san gerardo, in san miguel department.    this morning, insurgents derailed a train in the soyapango jurisdiction. fenadesal (salvadoran national railroad) spokesmen said the incident took place at the km 249 point on the railway line where the train was derailed by a claymore mine. there were no casualties.</s>', 'start_gold': 665, 'end_gold': 679, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(86, 88, ' 3d', 2.5035691261291504), (86, 112, ' 3d brigade from chiriligua, san gerardo, in san miguel department.    this morning,', 1.3265737295150757), (86, 104, ' 3d brigade from chiriligua, san gerardo, in san miguel', -1.6195927858352661)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>la republica in spanish in its 7 december edition carries on pages 1 and 13 a upi report with a washington, 6 december dateline on human rights violations throughout the world in the past year.    the upi report says that during a meeting commemorating its 10th anniversary, the human rights watch organization presented its annual report on human rights violations, which stated that countries like colombia, el salvador, guatemala, cuba, and the philippines registered high levels of human rights violations in the past year. the report adds that seven political activists were killed in the philippines in the past year.    la republica carries this upi report under the following banner headline: "john maisto (u.s. embassy deputy chief of mission in panama), adviser in the murder of activists in the philippines." the upi report does not mention maisto.    the report is accompanied by photos of maisto and u.s.  president ronald reagan along with the following caption: "his (maisto\'s) work in that country, where more crimes of this nature have been committed, continues, leaving in its wake blood and violence from the imposition of ronald reagan\'s colonialist policy."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(161, 164, 'john maist', -3.9165048599243164), (161, 189, 'john maisto (u.s. embassy deputy chief of mission in panama), adviser in the murder of activists in the philipp', -6.565778732299805), (161, 184, 'john maisto (u.s. embassy deputy chief of mission in panama), adviser in the murder of', -6.586272239685059)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>la republica in spanish in its 7 december edition carries on pages 1 and 13 a upi report with a washington, 6 december dateline on human rights violations throughout the world in the past year.    the upi report says that during a meeting commemorating its 10th anniversary, the human rights watch organization presented its annual report on human rights violations, which stated that countries like colombia, el salvador, guatemala, cuba, and the philippines registered high levels of human rights violations in the past year. the report adds that seven political activists were killed in the philippines in the past year.    la republica carries this upi report under the following banner headline: "john maisto (u.s. embassy deputy chief of mission in panama), adviser in the murder of activists in the philippines." the upi report does not mention maisto.    the report is accompanied by photos of maisto and u.s.  president ronald reagan along with the following caption: "his (maisto\'s) work in that country, where more crimes of this nature have been committed, continues, leaving in its wake blood and violence from the imposition of ronald reagan\'s colonialist policy."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(161, 164, 'john maist', -5.043117523193359), (161, 189, 'john maisto (u.s. embassy deputy chief of mission in panama), adviser in the murder of activists in the philipp', -6.346556186676025), (161, 184, 'john maisto (u.s. embassy deputy chief of mission in panama), adviser in the murder of', -6.9503703117370605)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>la republica in spanish in its 7 december edition carries on pages 1 and 13 a upi report with a washington, 6 december dateline on human rights violations throughout the world in the past year.    the upi report says that during a meeting commemorating its 10th anniversary, the human rights watch organization presented its annual report on human rights violations, which stated that countries like colombia, el salvador, guatemala, cuba, and the philippines registered high levels of human rights violations in the past year. the report adds that seven political activists were killed in the philippines in the past year.    la republica carries this upi report under the following banner headline: "john maisto (u.s. embassy deputy chief of mission in panama), adviser in the murder of activists in the philippines." the upi report does not mention maisto.    the report is accompanied by photos of maisto and u.s.  president ronald reagan along with the following caption: "his (maisto\'s) work in that country, where more crimes of this nature have been committed, continues, leaving in its wake blood and violence from the imposition of ronald reagan\'s colonialist policy."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(128, 129, ' political', 0.6619167923927307), (128, 136, ' political activists were killed in the philipp', -1.2393114566802979), (128, 131, ' political activists were', -3.2907118797302246)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>la republica in spanish in its 7 december edition carries on pages 1 and 13 a upi report with a washington, 6 december dateline on human rights violations throughout the world in the past year.    the upi report says that during a meeting commemorating its 10th anniversary, the human rights watch organization presented its annual report on human rights violations, which stated that countries like colombia, el salvador, guatemala, cuba, and the philippines registered high levels of human rights violations in the past year. the report adds that seven political activists were killed in the philippines in the past year.    la republica carries this upi report under the following banner headline: "john maisto (u.s. embassy deputy chief of mission in panama), adviser in the murder of activists in the philippines." the upi report does not mention maisto.    the report is accompanied by photos of maisto and u.s.  president ronald reagan along with the following caption: "his (maisto\'s) work in that country, where more crimes of this nature have been committed, continues, leaving in its wake blood and violence from the imposition of ronald reagan\'s colonialist policy."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(128, 129, ' political', 6.9591875076293945), (128, 136, ' political activists were killed in the philipp', 3.9581613540649414), (128, 131, ' political activists were', 3.12266206741333)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>la republica in spanish in its 7 december edition carries on pages 1 and 13 a upi report with a washington, 6 december dateline on human rights violations throughout the world in the past year.    the upi report says that during a meeting commemorating its 10th anniversary, the human rights watch organization presented its annual report on human rights violations, which stated that countries like colombia, el salvador, guatemala, cuba, and the philippines registered high levels of human rights violations in the past year. the report adds that seven political activists were killed in the philippines in the past year.    la republica carries this upi report under the following banner headline: "john maisto (u.s. embassy deputy chief of mission in panama), adviser in the murder of activists in the philippines." the upi report does not mention maisto.    the report is accompanied by photos of maisto and u.s.  president ronald reagan along with the following caption: "his (maisto\'s) work in that country, where more crimes of this nature have been committed, continues, leaving in its wake blood and violence from the imposition of ronald reagan\'s colonialist policy."</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(160, 163, 'john maist', -3.0210177898406982), (160, 169, 'john maisto (u.s.', -5.122004508972168), (160, 177, 'john maisto (u.s. embassy deputy chief of mission in panama', -5.451567649841309)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>today a 9-year-old student lost his left hand as a result of the serious injuries he sustained after he picked up a bomb that was hidden among some garbage bags near his school in the city of copiapo.    aldo crason, the regional education ministry secretary, has reported that the minor, who was identified as mauricio vera barrios, a 3d-year student in the catholic lyceum of atacama, was injured this morning at 0815.    according to crason, the minor was on his way to school when he stopped at the intersection of o'higgins and diana streets, some five blocks from his school. a bomb had been planted there next to some garbage bags.    the minor picked up the bomb and it exploded, sustaining serious injuries to his left hand. this hand was later amputated at the regional hospital where he was taken urgently.    shrapnel also hit the minor in his face, chest, abdomen, and legs, according to the regional education ministry secretary.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(80, 87, ' mauricio vera barri', 4.396167278289795), (80, 88, ' mauricio vera barrios', 1.6062384843826294), (80, 94, ' mauricio vera barrios, a 3d-year', 0.8261786699295044)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>today a 9-year-old student lost his left hand as a result of the serious injuries he sustained after he picked up a bomb that was hidden among some garbage bags near his school in the city of copiapo.    aldo crason, the regional education ministry secretary, has reported that the minor, who was identified as mauricio vera barrios, a 3d-year student in the catholic lyceum of atacama, was injured this morning at 0815.    according to crason, the minor was on his way to school when he stopped at the intersection of o'higgins and diana streets, some five blocks from his school. a bomb had been planted there next to some garbage bags.    the minor picked up the bomb and it exploded, sustaining serious injuries to his left hand. this hand was later amputated at the regional hospital where he was taken urgently.    shrapnel also hit the minor in his face, chest, abdomen, and legs, according to the regional education ministry secretary.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(80, 87, ' mauricio vera barri', 6.7974324226379395), (80, 88, ' mauricio vera barrios', 3.472257375717163), (80, 105, ' mauricio vera barrios, a 3d-year student in the catholic lyceum of atac', 1.471031904220581)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>today a 9-year-old student lost his left hand as a result of the serious injuries he sustained after he picked up a bomb that was hidden among some garbage bags near his school in the city of copiapo.    aldo crason, the regional education ministry secretary, has reported that the minor, who was identified as mauricio vera barrios, a 3d-year student in the catholic lyceum of atacama, was injured this morning at 0815.    according to crason, the minor was on his way to school when he stopped at the intersection of o'higgins and diana streets, some five blocks from his school. a bomb had been planted there next to some garbage bags.    the minor picked up the bomb and it exploded, sustaining serious injuries to his left hand. this hand was later amputated at the regional hospital where he was taken urgently.    shrapnel also hit the minor in his face, chest, abdomen, and legs, according to the regional education ministry secretary.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(153, 163, ' a bomb had been planted there next to some garbage', 0.4811440706253052), (153, 164, ' a bomb had been planted there next to some garbage bags', -2.618225336074829), (153, 157, ' a bomb had been', -4.691544532775879)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>today a 9-year-old student lost his left hand as a result of the serious injuries he sustained after he picked up a bomb that was hidden among some garbage bags near his school in the city of copiapo.    aldo crason, the regional education ministry secretary, has reported that the minor, who was identified as mauricio vera barrios, a 3d-year student in the catholic lyceum of atacama, was injured this morning at 0815.    according to crason, the minor was on his way to school when he stopped at the intersection of o'higgins and diana streets, some five blocks from his school. a bomb had been planted there next to some garbage bags.    the minor picked up the bomb and it exploded, sustaining serious injuries to his left hand. this hand was later amputated at the regional hospital where he was taken urgently.    shrapnel also hit the minor in his face, chest, abdomen, and legs, according to the regional education ministry secretary.</s>", 'start_gold': 319, 'end_gold': 337, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(79, 86, ' mauricio vera barri', -1.3339459896087646), (79, 93, ' mauricio vera barrios, a 3d-year', -3.864211320877075), (79, 104, ' mauricio vera barrios, a 3d-year student in the catholic lyceum of atac', -4.419790267944336)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>today a 9-year-old student lost his left hand as a result of the serious injuries he sustained after he picked up a bomb that was hidden among some garbage bags near his school in the city of copiapo.    aldo crason, the regional education ministry secretary, has reported that the minor, who was identified as mauricio vera barrios, a 3d-year student in the catholic lyceum of atacama, was injured this morning at 0815.    according to crason, the minor was on his way to school when he stopped at the intersection of o'higgins and diana streets, some five blocks from his school. a bomb had been planted there next to some garbage bags.    the minor picked up the bomb and it exploded, sustaining serious injuries to his left hand. this hand was later amputated at the regional hospital where he was taken urgently.    shrapnel also hit the minor in his face, chest, abdomen, and legs, according to the regional education ministry secretary.</s>", 'start_gold': 124, 'end_gold': 135, 'gold': ' was on his way to school when he stopped at the', 'candidates': [(153, 163, ' a bomb had been planted there next to some garbage', 5.02932071685791), (153, 164, ' a bomb had been planted there next to some garbage bags', 1.9103387594223022), (153, 157, ' a bomb had been', 0.5300538539886475)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the government will not accept mediators in a dialogue with the guerrillas, presidential adviser rafael pardo rueda has said. the official added that the government cannot guarantee the safety of the politicians or guerrillas who attend the regional talks which are taking place in various parts of the country.    the presidential adviser also warned that the government would not change its attitude toward the rebels and that any meetings in search of peace will only take place between the government and the guerrilla leaders. even though the government has not responded to senator alvaro leiva's proposal, which calls for a top-level commission to hold talks with the guerrillas, the farc and the m-19 guerrillas have already announced that if the government calls for the creation of such a commission, they would immediately order a truce.    (begin recording) (pardo) the government cannot assume that responsibility with private individuals. our peace initiative calls for a direct dialogue with guerrillas who are committed to a reconciliation, once the right conditions are present. this position remains unchanged.    (reporter) does this mean senator alvaro leiva's proposal has not been taken into account?    (pardo) no, the government will respond to dr leiva's proposal in the next few days. his proposal has brought about positive results in the sense that the farc and m-19 have expressed their desire to suspend terrorist acts. the government will announce a formal response to this proposal in the next few days. (end recording)    meanwhile, former presidents belisario bethancourt and misael pastrana borrero urged that a commission be formed for talks with the rebels, which they consider the best chance for peace.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(197, 197, '', 7.885428428649902), (197, 198, ' private', 7.752579689025879), (197, 199, ' private individuals', 3.2515597343444824)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the government will not accept mediators in a dialogue with the guerrillas, presidential adviser rafael pardo rueda has said. the official added that the government cannot guarantee the safety of the politicians or guerrillas who attend the regional talks which are taking place in various parts of the country.    the presidential adviser also warned that the government would not change its attitude toward the rebels and that any meetings in search of peace will only take place between the government and the guerrilla leaders. even though the government has not responded to senator alvaro leiva's proposal, which calls for a top-level commission to hold talks with the guerrillas, the farc and the m-19 guerrillas have already announced that if the government calls for the creation of such a commission, they would immediately order a truce.    (begin recording) (pardo) the government cannot assume that responsibility with private individuals. our peace initiative calls for a direct dialogue with guerrillas who are committed to a reconciliation, once the right conditions are present. this position remains unchanged.    (reporter) does this mean senator alvaro leiva's proposal has not been taken into account?    (pardo) no, the government will respond to dr leiva's proposal in the next few days. his proposal has brought about positive results in the sense that the farc and m-19 have expressed their desire to suspend terrorist acts. the government will announce a formal response to this proposal in the next few days. (end recording)    meanwhile, former presidents belisario bethancourt and misael pastrana borrero urged that a commission be formed for talks with the rebels, which they consider the best chance for peace.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(197, 198, ' private', 4.771399021148682), (197, 197, '', 1.1138992309570312), (197, 211, ' private individuals. our peace initiative calls for a direct dialogue with guerr', 0.06634998321533203)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the government will not accept mediators in a dialogue with the guerrillas, presidential adviser rafael pardo rueda has said. the official added that the government cannot guarantee the safety of the politicians or guerrillas who attend the regional talks which are taking place in various parts of the country.    the presidential adviser also warned that the government would not change its attitude toward the rebels and that any meetings in search of peace will only take place between the government and the guerrilla leaders. even though the government has not responded to senator alvaro leiva's proposal, which calls for a top-level commission to hold talks with the guerrillas, the farc and the m-19 guerrillas have already announced that if the government calls for the creation of such a commission, they would immediately order a truce.    (begin recording) (pardo) the government cannot assume that responsibility with private individuals. our peace initiative calls for a direct dialogue with guerrillas who are committed to a reconciliation, once the right conditions are present. this position remains unchanged.    (reporter) does this mean senator alvaro leiva's proposal has not been taken into account?    (pardo) no, the government will respond to dr leiva's proposal in the next few days. his proposal has brought about positive results in the sense that the farc and m-19 have expressed their desire to suspend terrorist acts. the government will announce a formal response to this proposal in the next few days. (end recording)    meanwhile, former presidents belisario bethancourt and misael pastrana borrero urged that a commission be formed for talks with the rebels, which they consider the best chance for peace.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(21, 23, ' guerr', -0.09454607963562012), (140, 142, ' guerr', -2.4848685264587402), (140, 154, ' guerrillas, the farc and the m-19 guerr', -4.341780662536621)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the government will not accept mediators in a dialogue with the guerrillas, presidential adviser rafael pardo rueda has said. the official added that the government cannot guarantee the safety of the politicians or guerrillas who attend the regional talks which are taking place in various parts of the country.    the presidential adviser also warned that the government would not change its attitude toward the rebels and that any meetings in search of peace will only take place between the government and the guerrilla leaders. even though the government has not responded to senator alvaro leiva's proposal, which calls for a top-level commission to hold talks with the guerrillas, the farc and the m-19 guerrillas have already announced that if the government calls for the creation of such a commission, they would immediately order a truce.    (begin recording) (pardo) the government cannot assume that responsibility with private individuals. our peace initiative calls for a direct dialogue with guerrillas who are committed to a reconciliation, once the right conditions are present. this position remains unchanged.    (reporter) does this mean senator alvaro leiva's proposal has not been taken into account?    (pardo) no, the government will respond to dr leiva's proposal in the next few days. his proposal has brought about positive results in the sense that the farc and m-19 have expressed their desire to suspend terrorist acts. the government will announce a formal response to this proposal in the next few days. (end recording)    meanwhile, former presidents belisario bethancourt and misael pastrana borrero urged that a commission be formed for talks with the rebels, which they consider the best chance for peace.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(21, 23, ' guerr', 0.5235642194747925), (21, 50, ' guerrillas, presidential adviser rafael pardo rueda has said. the official added that the government cannot guarantee the safety of the', -3.387331485748291), (50, 54, ' politicians or guerr', -0.22950299084186554)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the government will not accept mediators in a dialogue with the guerrillas, presidential adviser rafael pardo rueda has said. the official added that the government cannot guarantee the safety of the politicians or guerrillas who attend the regional talks which are taking place in various parts of the country.    the presidential adviser also warned that the government would not change its attitude toward the rebels and that any meetings in search of peace will only take place between the government and the guerrilla leaders. even though the government has not responded to senator alvaro leiva's proposal, which calls for a top-level commission to hold talks with the guerrillas, the farc and the m-19 guerrillas have already announced that if the government calls for the creation of such a commission, they would immediately order a truce.    (begin recording) (pardo) the government cannot assume that responsibility with private individuals. our peace initiative calls for a direct dialogue with guerrillas who are committed to a reconciliation, once the right conditions are present. this position remains unchanged.    (reporter) does this mean senator alvaro leiva's proposal has not been taken into account?    (pardo) no, the government will respond to dr leiva's proposal in the next few days. his proposal has brought about positive results in the sense that the farc and m-19 have expressed their desire to suspend terrorist acts. the government will announce a formal response to this proposal in the next few days. (end recording)    meanwhile, former presidents belisario bethancourt and misael pastrana borrero urged that a commission be formed for talks with the rebels, which they consider the best chance for peace.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(196, 197, ' private', 1.9213871955871582), (196, 210, ' private individuals. our peace initiative calls for a direct dialogue with guerr', -1.821354627609253), (196, 198, ' private individuals', -2.7250027656555176)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>with the murder of two more engineers last wednesday, 7 december--which was learned about only today in lima--a total of six engineers have been murdered this week apparently by members of the maoist shining path guerrilla movement. four engineers, including two frenchmen, were murdered last sunday.    according to reports, a group of terrorists last wednesday entered the locality of situcancha, junin department, in the central mountain region of peru, and gathered all the people at the main square. they forced adolfo spezua and augusto vilcahuman out of their offices and, after a "people\'s trial," shot them to death.    last sunday, terrorists murdered four engineers--two peruvians and two frenchmen--who were working in an agricultural development program in the small town of aquira, in the southern department of apurimac, where shining path terrorist activity is intense.    the french engineers were identified as thomas pellissier and corine seguin. the justice of the peace from aquira was also murdered.    moreover, five terrorists and an army corporal were killed in a clash between terrorists and an army patrol near the locality of nanshuimpuquio, 41 km from the southern city of ayacucho.    november was a particularly bloody month because of the political violence that caused the death of 403 people. thirteen thousand people have been killed by shining path since the beginning of its activities in 1980.</s>', 'start_gold': 187, 'end_gold': 208, 'gold': 'ira, in the southern department of apurimac, where shining path terrorist activity is intense. ', 'candidates': [(82, 82, '', 7.698521137237549), (120, 133, ' adolfo spezua and augusto vilcah', 4.090924263000488), (120, 146, ' adolfo spezua and augusto vilcahuman out of their offices and, after a "people\'s trial', 0.8813015222549438)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>with the murder of two more engineers last wednesday, 7 december--which was learned about only today in lima--a total of six engineers have been murdered this week apparently by members of the maoist shining path guerrilla movement. four engineers, including two frenchmen, were murdered last sunday.    according to reports, a group of terrorists last wednesday entered the locality of situcancha, junin department, in the central mountain region of peru, and gathered all the people at the main square. they forced adolfo spezua and augusto vilcahuman out of their offices and, after a "people\'s trial," shot them to death.    last sunday, terrorists murdered four engineers--two peruvians and two frenchmen--who were working in an agricultural development program in the small town of aquira, in the southern department of apurimac, where shining path terrorist activity is intense.    the french engineers were identified as thomas pellissier and corine seguin. the justice of the peace from aquira was also murdered.    moreover, five terrorists and an army corporal were killed in a clash between terrorists and an army patrol near the locality of nanshuimpuquio, 41 km from the southern city of ayacucho.    november was a particularly bloody month because of the political violence that caused the death of 403 people. thirteen thousand people have been killed by shining path since the beginning of its activities in 1980.</s>', 'start_gold': 209, 'end_gold': 223, 'gold': '  the french engineers were identified as thomas pellissier and', 'candidates': [(82, 82, '', 9.009824752807617), (82, 97, ' terrorists last wednesday entered the locality of situcancha, junin', 0.8806354999542236), (79, 82, ' a group of', 6.415143013000488)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>with the murder of two more engineers last wednesday, 7 december--which was learned about only today in lima--a total of six engineers have been murdered this week apparently by members of the maoist shining path guerrilla movement. four engineers, including two frenchmen, were murdered last sunday.    according to reports, a group of terrorists last wednesday entered the locality of situcancha, junin department, in the central mountain region of peru, and gathered all the people at the main square. they forced adolfo spezua and augusto vilcahuman out of their offices and, after a "people\'s trial," shot them to death.    last sunday, terrorists murdered four engineers--two peruvians and two frenchmen--who were working in an agricultural development program in the small town of aquira, in the southern department of apurimac, where shining path terrorist activity is intense.    the french engineers were identified as thomas pellissier and corine seguin. the justice of the peace from aquira was also murdered.    moreover, five terrorists and an army corporal were killed in a clash between terrorists and an army patrol near the locality of nanshuimpuquio, 41 km from the southern city of ayacucho.    november was a particularly bloody month because of the political violence that caused the death of 403 people. thirteen thousand people have been killed by shining path since the beginning of its activities in 1980.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(119, 132, ' adolfo spezua and augusto vilcah', 2.111050844192505), (119, 136, ' adolfo spezua and augusto vilcahuman out of their', -1.1855705976486206), (119, 149, ' adolfo spezua and augusto vilcahuman out of their offices and, after a "people\'s trial," shot them to', -2.7218551635742188)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>with the murder of two more engineers last wednesday, 7 december--which was learned about only today in lima--a total of six engineers have been murdered this week apparently by members of the maoist shining path guerrilla movement. four engineers, including two frenchmen, were murdered last sunday.    according to reports, a group of terrorists last wednesday entered the locality of situcancha, junin department, in the central mountain region of peru, and gathered all the people at the main square. they forced adolfo spezua and augusto vilcahuman out of their offices and, after a "people\'s trial," shot them to death.    last sunday, terrorists murdered four engineers--two peruvians and two frenchmen--who were working in an agricultural development program in the small town of aquira, in the southern department of apurimac, where shining path terrorist activity is intense.    the french engineers were identified as thomas pellissier and corine seguin. the justice of the peace from aquira was also murdered.    moreover, five terrorists and an army corporal were killed in a clash between terrorists and an army patrol near the locality of nanshuimpuquio, 41 km from the southern city of ayacucho.    november was a particularly bloody month because of the political violence that caused the death of 403 people. thirteen thousand people have been killed by shining path since the beginning of its activities in 1980.</s>', 'start_gold': 525, 'end_gold': 541, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(119, 132, ' adolfo spezua and augusto vilcah', 7.311285972595215), (119, 136, ' adolfo spezua and augusto vilcahuman out of their', 2.1682257652282715), (119, 128, ' adolfo spezua and august', 1.3882184028625488)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>with the murder of two more engineers last wednesday, 7 december--which was learned about only today in lima--a total of six engineers have been murdered this week apparently by members of the maoist shining path guerrilla movement. four engineers, including two frenchmen, were murdered last sunday.    according to reports, a group of terrorists last wednesday entered the locality of situcancha, junin department, in the central mountain region of peru, and gathered all the people at the main square. they forced adolfo spezua and augusto vilcahuman out of their offices and, after a "people\'s trial," shot them to death.    last sunday, terrorists murdered four engineers--two peruvians and two frenchmen--who were working in an agricultural development program in the small town of aquira, in the southern department of apurimac, where shining path terrorist activity is intense.    the french engineers were identified as thomas pellissier and corine seguin. the justice of the peace from aquira was also murdered.    moreover, five terrorists and an army corporal were killed in a clash between terrorists and an army patrol near the locality of nanshuimpuquio, 41 km from the southern city of ayacucho.    november was a particularly bloody month because of the political violence that caused the death of 403 people. thirteen thousand people have been killed by shining path since the beginning of its activities in 1980.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(81, 81, '', 6.482532501220703), (258, 258, '', 1.9650789499282837), (258, 261, ' terrorists and an', -0.4954267740249634)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>it was officially announced today that mayor hector arevalo of the ruling christian democratic party (pdc), who was elected mayor in a town in san vicente department last march, resigned because of death threats from salvadoran guerrillas.    arevalo is the first mayor to resign as a result of fmln threats. the fmln claims mayors are part of the counterinsurgency plan conducted by the salvadoran army.    arevalo, 39, was reportedly threatened with death by the guerrillas, who also ordered him to leave the town of santa clara, 65 km east of san salvador.    after announcing his resignation, arevalo said: "i want to live and to feel untainted. i do not want to have enemies. i have a wife and children who need me."  arevalo said, however, that he cannot leave santa clara, a town of approximately 10,000 people, because he cannot afford to do so.    the fmln also claims that in many towns in northern and eastern el salvador, an area over which it claims to have more control than the army, there are two power centers: one is the guerrilla movement, and the other is the government. the fmln has stated that it will not allow the government to control that region.    thus far this year, the fmln has killed eight pdc and rightist nationalist republican alliance mayors in santa ana, morazan, san miguel, and usulutan departments.    the catholic church and the salvadoran political parties have condemned the murder of these government officials.</s>', 'start_gold': 226, 'end_gold': 244, 'gold': ' the fmln also claims that in many towns in northern and eastern el salvador,', 'candidates': [(358, 359, ' government', 6.171440124511719), (358, 358, '', 1.7221317291259766), (358, 360, ' government officials', 1.620518684387207)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>it was officially announced today that mayor hector arevalo of the ruling christian democratic party (pdc), who was elected mayor in a town in san vicente department last march, resigned because of death threats from salvadoran guerrillas.    arevalo is the first mayor to resign as a result of fmln threats. the fmln claims mayors are part of the counterinsurgency plan conducted by the salvadoran army.    arevalo, 39, was reportedly threatened with death by the guerrillas, who also ordered him to leave the town of santa clara, 65 km east of san salvador.    after announcing his resignation, arevalo said: "i want to live and to feel untainted. i do not want to have enemies. i have a wife and children who need me."  arevalo said, however, that he cannot leave santa clara, a town of approximately 10,000 people, because he cannot afford to do so.    the fmln also claims that in many towns in northern and eastern el salvador, an area over which it claims to have more control than the army, there are two power centers: one is the guerrilla movement, and the other is the government. the fmln has stated that it will not allow the government to control that region.    thus far this year, the fmln has killed eight pdc and rightist nationalist republican alliance mayors in santa ana, morazan, san miguel, and usulutan departments.    the catholic church and the salvadoran political parties have condemned the murder of these government officials.</s>', 'start_gold': 304, 'end_gold': 317, 'gold': ' fmln has killed eight pdc and rightist nationalist republican', 'candidates': [(358, 359, ' government', 8.17982006072998), (358, 358, '', 4.684112071990967), (358, 360, ' government officials', 2.9508326053619385)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>it was officially announced today that mayor hector arevalo of the ruling christian democratic party (pdc), who was elected mayor in a town in san vicente department last march, resigned because of death threats from salvadoran guerrillas.    arevalo is the first mayor to resign as a result of fmln threats. the fmln claims mayors are part of the counterinsurgency plan conducted by the salvadoran army.    arevalo, 39, was reportedly threatened with death by the guerrillas, who also ordered him to leave the town of santa clara, 65 km east of san salvador.    after announcing his resignation, arevalo said: "i want to live and to feel untainted. i do not want to have enemies. i have a wife and children who need me."  arevalo said, however, that he cannot leave santa clara, a town of approximately 10,000 people, because he cannot afford to do so.    the fmln also claims that in many towns in northern and eastern el salvador, an area over which it claims to have more control than the army, there are two power centers: one is the guerrilla movement, and the other is the government. the fmln has stated that it will not allow the government to control that region.    thus far this year, the fmln has killed eight pdc and rightist nationalist republican alliance mayors in santa ana, morazan, san miguel, and usulutan departments.    the catholic church and the salvadoran political parties have condemned the murder of these government officials.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(53, 58, ' salvadoran guerr', 0.884786069393158), (53, 59, ' salvadoran guerrillas', -4.037974834442139), (53, 55, ' salvador', -4.3961100578308105)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>it was officially announced today that mayor hector arevalo of the ruling christian democratic party (pdc), who was elected mayor in a town in san vicente department last march, resigned because of death threats from salvadoran guerrillas.    arevalo is the first mayor to resign as a result of fmln threats. the fmln claims mayors are part of the counterinsurgency plan conducted by the salvadoran army.    arevalo, 39, was reportedly threatened with death by the guerrillas, who also ordered him to leave the town of santa clara, 65 km east of san salvador.    after announcing his resignation, arevalo said: "i want to live and to feel untainted. i do not want to have enemies. i have a wife and children who need me."  arevalo said, however, that he cannot leave santa clara, a town of approximately 10,000 people, because he cannot afford to do so.    the fmln also claims that in many towns in northern and eastern el salvador, an area over which it claims to have more control than the army, there are two power centers: one is the guerrilla movement, and the other is the government. the fmln has stated that it will not allow the government to control that region.    thus far this year, the fmln has killed eight pdc and rightist nationalist republican alliance mayors in santa ana, morazan, san miguel, and usulutan departments.    the catholic church and the salvadoran political parties have condemned the murder of these government officials.</s>', 'start_gold': 53, 'end_gold': 68, 'gold': ' salvadoran guerrillas.    arevalo is the', 'candidates': [(357, 358, ' government', 9.521199226379395), (357, 357, '', 3.672905445098877), (357, 359, ' government officials', 3.18966007232666)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>it was officially announced today that mayor hector arevalo of the ruling christian democratic party (pdc), who was elected mayor in a town in san vicente department last march, resigned because of death threats from salvadoran guerrillas.    arevalo is the first mayor to resign as a result of fmln threats. the fmln claims mayors are part of the counterinsurgency plan conducted by the salvadoran army.    arevalo, 39, was reportedly threatened with death by the guerrillas, who also ordered him to leave the town of santa clara, 65 km east of san salvador.    after announcing his resignation, arevalo said: "i want to live and to feel untainted. i do not want to have enemies. i have a wife and children who need me."  arevalo said, however, that he cannot leave santa clara, a town of approximately 10,000 people, because he cannot afford to do so.    the fmln also claims that in many towns in northern and eastern el salvador, an area over which it claims to have more control than the army, there are two power centers: one is the guerrilla movement, and the other is the government. the fmln has stated that it will not allow the government to control that region.    thus far this year, the fmln has killed eight pdc and rightist nationalist republican alliance mayors in santa ana, morazan, san miguel, and usulutan departments.    the catholic church and the salvadoran political parties have condemned the murder of these government officials.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(99, 102, ' salvadoran', 6.8980302810668945), (99, 122, ' salvadoran army.    arevalo, 39, was reportedly threatened with death by the guerr', 3.8429195880889893), (99, 103, ' salvadoran army', 1.7754194736480713)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>government sources have reported that four unidentified civilians carrying large-caliber firearms kidnapped alberto celis sanchez, mayor of el carmen de atrato, on 8 december at el doce on the quibdo-medellin highway. the kidnappers handed humberto florez sanchez, the mayor\'s driver, a document signed by the ernesto "che" guevara front of the national liberation army\'s camilist unity claiming responsibility for the action.    mayor celis was unescorted at the time he was kidnapped, and he had failed to notify the police that he was leaving town.    celis, 42, a businessman and social conservative party member, was elected mayor in june.    the choco authorities met to consider the situation and report to government minister cesar gaviria trujillo.    in addition, sipi mayor manuel santos cruz arboleda was seriously wounded by a gunshot to the head in an unexplained incident.    cruz was rushed to the eduardo santos hospital in istmina, where doctors were trying to save his life.</s>', 'start_gold': 47, 'end_gold': 66, 'gold': ' doce on the quibdo-medellin highway. the kidnappers handed humberto', 'candidates': [(17, 17, '', 11.742134094238281), (17, 22, ' civilians carrying large-caliber', 10.420623779296875), (17, 23, ' civilians carrying large-caliber firearms', 6.281058311462402)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>government sources have reported that four unidentified civilians carrying large-caliber firearms kidnapped alberto celis sanchez, mayor of el carmen de atrato, on 8 december at el doce on the quibdo-medellin highway. the kidnappers handed humberto florez sanchez, the mayor\'s driver, a document signed by the ernesto "che" guevara front of the national liberation army\'s camilist unity claiming responsibility for the action.    mayor celis was unescorted at the time he was kidnapped, and he had failed to notify the police that he was leaving town.    celis, 42, a businessman and social conservative party member, was elected mayor in june.    the choco authorities met to consider the situation and report to government minister cesar gaviria trujillo.    in addition, sipi mayor manuel santos cruz arboleda was seriously wounded by a gunshot to the head in an unexplained incident.    cruz was rushed to the eduardo santos hospital in istmina, where doctors were trying to save his life.</s>', 'start_gold': 354, 'end_gold': 368, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(15, 17, ' four unidentified', 7.608552932739258), (15, 22, ' four unidentified civilians carrying large-caliber', 7.091780185699463), (15, 23, ' four unidentified civilians carrying large-caliber firearms', 3.879375457763672)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>government sources have reported that four unidentified civilians carrying large-caliber firearms kidnapped alberto celis sanchez, mayor of el carmen de atrato, on 8 december at el doce on the quibdo-medellin highway. the kidnappers handed humberto florez sanchez, the mayor\'s driver, a document signed by the ernesto "che" guevara front of the national liberation army\'s camilist unity claiming responsibility for the action.    mayor celis was unescorted at the time he was kidnapped, and he had failed to notify the police that he was leaving town.    celis, 42, a businessman and social conservative party member, was elected mayor in june.    the choco authorities met to consider the situation and report to government minister cesar gaviria trujillo.    in addition, sipi mayor manuel santos cruz arboleda was seriously wounded by a gunshot to the head in an unexplained incident.    cruz was rushed to the eduardo santos hospital in istmina, where doctors were trying to save his life.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(14, 21, ' four unidentified civilians carrying large-caliber', 3.214249610900879), (14, 16, ' four unidentified', 2.181014060974121), (14, 28, ' four unidentified civilians carrying large-caliber firearms kidnapped alberto celis s', 2.0581467151641846)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>government sources have reported that four unidentified civilians carrying large-caliber firearms kidnapped alberto celis sanchez, mayor of el carmen de atrato, on 8 december at el doce on the quibdo-medellin highway. the kidnappers handed humberto florez sanchez, the mayor\'s driver, a document signed by the ernesto "che" guevara front of the national liberation army\'s camilist unity claiming responsibility for the action.    mayor celis was unescorted at the time he was kidnapped, and he had failed to notify the police that he was leaving town.    celis, 42, a businessman and social conservative party member, was elected mayor in june.    the choco authorities met to consider the situation and report to government minister cesar gaviria trujillo.    in addition, sipi mayor manuel santos cruz arboleda was seriously wounded by a gunshot to the head in an unexplained incident.    cruz was rushed to the eduardo santos hospital in istmina, where doctors were trying to save his life.</s>', 'start_gold': 116, 'end_gold': 132, 'gold': ' unescorted at the time he was kidnapped, and he had failed to notify', 'candidates': [(14, 16, ' four unidentified', 4.7425737380981445), (14, 28, ' four unidentified civilians carrying large-caliber firearms kidnapped alberto celis s', 4.10593318939209), (14, 21, ' four unidentified civilians carrying large-caliber', 3.7204339504241943)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>government sources have reported that four unidentified civilians carrying large-caliber firearms kidnapped alberto celis sanchez, mayor of el carmen de atrato, on 8 december at el doce on the quibdo-medellin highway. the kidnappers handed humberto florez sanchez, the mayor\'s driver, a document signed by the ernesto "che" guevara front of the national liberation army\'s camilist unity claiming responsibility for the action.    mayor celis was unescorted at the time he was kidnapped, and he had failed to notify the police that he was leaving town.    celis, 42, a businessman and social conservative party member, was elected mayor in june.    the choco authorities met to consider the situation and report to government minister cesar gaviria trujillo.    in addition, sipi mayor manuel santos cruz arboleda was seriously wounded by a gunshot to the head in an unexplained incident.    cruz was rushed to the eduardo santos hospital in istmina, where doctors were trying to save his life.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(15, 16, ' unidentified', 13.34897232055664), (15, 21, ' unidentified civilians carrying large-caliber', 11.227890014648438), (15, 22, ' unidentified civilians carrying large-caliber firearms', 8.730382919311523)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>four alleged terrorists, all wearing ski masks, murdered mayor alfredo chamorro in the small town of pallanchacra. chamorro was a member of the governing apra.    this information was released in lima today. the attack was perpetrated at dawn on tuesday, 13 december, when the terrorists burst into the mayor\'s home. chamorro had previously received death threats.    pallanchacra is located some 30 km from cerro de pasco, capital of pasco department, in central peru.    moreover, one of the bodyguards of hugo garcia salvatecci, bank and insurance superintendant, is recovering in a clinic in lima from an attack by alleged terrorists who shot him as a "warning."    in other events, police have identified the body of a man found last saturday, 10 december, on kilometer 12 of the south panamerican highway. he was apparently shot.    the individual was identified as an alleged member of the peruvian communist party, with entries in police records.    a poster which read "an eye for an eye. for what the workers revolutionary movement (mor) in bolivia did," was found on the body.    the authors of the crime were presumably referring to the murder in la paz, bolivia, of peruvian naval attache juan carlos vega llona. the self-styled mor claimed responsibility for the killing.</s>', 'start_gold': 9, 'end_gold': 28, 'gold': '</s>four alleged terrorists, all wearing ski masks, murdered mayor alfredo chamorro', 'candidates': [(12, 12, '', 12.97358512878418), (12, 17, ' terrorists, all wearing ski', 10.230690002441406), (12, 13, ' terrorists', 9.241476058959961)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>four alleged terrorists, all wearing ski masks, murdered mayor alfredo chamorro in the small town of pallanchacra. chamorro was a member of the governing apra.    this information was released in lima today. the attack was perpetrated at dawn on tuesday, 13 december, when the terrorists burst into the mayor\'s home. chamorro had previously received death threats.    pallanchacra is located some 30 km from cerro de pasco, capital of pasco department, in central peru.    moreover, one of the bodyguards of hugo garcia salvatecci, bank and insurance superintendant, is recovering in a clinic in lima from an attack by alleged terrorists who shot him as a "warning."    in other events, police have identified the body of a man found last saturday, 10 december, on kilometer 12 of the south panamerican highway. he was apparently shot.    the individual was identified as an alleged member of the peruvian communist party, with entries in police records.    a poster which read "an eye for an eye. for what the workers revolutionary movement (mor) in bolivia did," was found on the body.    the authors of the crime were presumably referring to the murder in la paz, bolivia, of peruvian naval attache juan carlos vega llona. the self-styled mor claimed responsibility for the killing.</s>', 'start_gold': 83, 'end_gold': 95, 'gold': " mayor's home. chamorro had previously received death", 'candidates': [(12, 12, '', 13.346284866333008), (12, 13, ' terrorists', 9.353364944458008), (12, 17, ' terrorists, all wearing ski', 7.981122970581055)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>four alleged terrorists, all wearing ski masks, murdered mayor alfredo chamorro in the small town of pallanchacra. chamorro was a member of the governing apra.    this information was released in lima today. the attack was perpetrated at dawn on tuesday, 13 december, when the terrorists burst into the mayor\'s home. chamorro had previously received death threats.    pallanchacra is located some 30 km from cerro de pasco, capital of pasco department, in central peru.    moreover, one of the bodyguards of hugo garcia salvatecci, bank and insurance superintendant, is recovering in a clinic in lima from an attack by alleged terrorists who shot him as a "warning."    in other events, police have identified the body of a man found last saturday, 10 december, on kilometer 12 of the south panamerican highway. he was apparently shot.    the individual was identified as an alleged member of the peruvian communist party, with entries in police records.    a poster which read "an eye for an eye. for what the workers revolutionary movement (mor) in bolivia did," was found on the body.    the authors of the crime were presumably referring to the murder in la paz, bolivia, of peruvian naval attache juan carlos vega llona. the self-styled mor claimed responsibility for the killing.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(19, 26, ' mayor alfredo chamor', -0.9959932565689087), (19, 35, ' mayor alfredo chamorro in the small town of pallanchac', -2.733022928237915), (19, 36, ' mayor alfredo chamorro in the small town of pallanchacra', -3.737981081008911)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>four alleged terrorists, all wearing ski masks, murdered mayor alfredo chamorro in the small town of pallanchacra. chamorro was a member of the governing apra.    this information was released in lima today. the attack was perpetrated at dawn on tuesday, 13 december, when the terrorists burst into the mayor\'s home. chamorro had previously received death threats.    pallanchacra is located some 30 km from cerro de pasco, capital of pasco department, in central peru.    moreover, one of the bodyguards of hugo garcia salvatecci, bank and insurance superintendant, is recovering in a clinic in lima from an attack by alleged terrorists who shot him as a "warning."    in other events, police have identified the body of a man found last saturday, 10 december, on kilometer 12 of the south panamerican highway. he was apparently shot.    the individual was identified as an alleged member of the peruvian communist party, with entries in police records.    a poster which read "an eye for an eye. for what the workers revolutionary movement (mor) in bolivia did," was found on the body.    the authors of the crime were presumably referring to the murder in la paz, bolivia, of peruvian naval attache juan carlos vega llona. the self-styled mor claimed responsibility for the killing.</s>', 'start_gold': 71, 'end_gold': 87, 'gold': ", 13 december, when the terrorists burst into the mayor's home. ch", 'candidates': [(19, 26, ' mayor alfredo chamor', 8.384276390075684), (19, 35, ' mayor alfredo chamorro in the small town of pallanchac', 5.745029449462891), (19, 36, ' mayor alfredo chamorro in the small town of pallanchacra', 5.064571380615234)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>four alleged terrorists, all wearing ski masks, murdered mayor alfredo chamorro in the small town of pallanchacra. chamorro was a member of the governing apra.    this information was released in lima today. the attack was perpetrated at dawn on tuesday, 13 december, when the terrorists burst into the mayor\'s home. chamorro had previously received death threats.    pallanchacra is located some 30 km from cerro de pasco, capital of pasco department, in central peru.    moreover, one of the bodyguards of hugo garcia salvatecci, bank and insurance superintendant, is recovering in a clinic in lima from an attack by alleged terrorists who shot him as a "warning."    in other events, police have identified the body of a man found last saturday, 10 december, on kilometer 12 of the south panamerican highway. he was apparently shot.    the individual was identified as an alleged member of the peruvian communist party, with entries in police records.    a poster which read "an eye for an eye. for what the workers revolutionary movement (mor) in bolivia did," was found on the body.    the authors of the crime were presumably referring to the murder in la paz, bolivia, of peruvian naval attache juan carlos vega llona. the self-styled mor claimed responsibility for the killing.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(11, 11, '', 9.716598510742188), (11, 16, ' terrorists, all wearing ski', 9.129312515258789), (11, 17, ' terrorists, all wearing ski masks', 6.021241188049316)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>varying intentions    the program for legal action certainly raises different expectations among the partners in iu. there has been talk about that in recent days. all indications are, indeed, that because time is running short they will start up without much circumspection. to put it more clearly, the presumption is that they will wait until things are under way before trying to put their own mark on the newborn.    christian left (ic) was the first to give this signal. the resolutions of its plenum, made public on 28 october, clearly revealed that it intended to unify the entire left in the formation of the new political entity. in passing, they sent a message to their men who were involved in the ppd (party for democracy): they have to decide between membership in one or the other, but not both.  this is something that mapu (united popular action movement)-barrueto is not addressing with the same earnestness. they apparently seek to take part in every group there is, whether it is called the ppd, cosono (socialist command for the no) or leftist party.    the christian left people went even further. at no time did they conceal their wish that luis maira preside over the new party.    the plenum of the socialist party (ps)-almeyda was, of course, the most eagerly anticipated. as on other occasions, it was supposed to set the tone for the jockeying by the left. they ambitiously felt that this was the opportunity to remove some strategic obstacles, sort of like killing two birds with one stone: registration and the sought-after socialist unity.    perhaps this is why they held their plenum, where on 28 and 29 october they discussed the advantages of registering their own party, in other words, responding once and for all to the initiatives of the nunezes, who took over the ppd, the only legally recognized socialist group.  others thought that it would be wiser to promote a party in the "socialist space," bring together there christian left, mapu-barrueto and the small socialist groups that still exist, in other words, cosono as a party. this stand obviously gave priority to something of a leading political role and kept the pc at a distance.    the option of registering a broad left-wing group was also raised at the plenum; to many this entailed a certain "sacrifice" of predominance by the socialists.    the ps-almeyda ultimately opted for a "consensus" vote, of whose public version there were several interpretations.  there was talk of "the registration of a legal instrument representative of the socialist space at the disposal of the grassroots forces and of the progressive and leftist independents who have so far belonged to unlegalized parties." the intention of the socialist language was clear, but the party did not close ranks with a broad left-wing alliance. the emphasis was in the eye of the beholder.    what was not made public was that the political vote of "the more than 50 and fewer than 100 participants" spoke of giving priority to socialist leadership in the new party. the negotiations are now focusing on this. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(590, 600, ' independents who have so far belonged to unlegalized', -1.2891799211502075), (590, 601, ' independents who have so far belonged to unlegalized parties', -2.997086763381958), (590, 590, '', -4.136781215667725)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>varying intentions    the program for legal action certainly raises different expectations among the partners in iu. there has been talk about that in recent days. all indications are, indeed, that because time is running short they will start up without much circumspection. to put it more clearly, the presumption is that they will wait until things are under way before trying to put their own mark on the newborn.    christian left (ic) was the first to give this signal. the resolutions of its plenum, made public on 28 october, clearly revealed that it intended to unify the entire left in the formation of the new political entity. in passing, they sent a message to their men who were involved in the ppd (party for democracy): they have to decide between membership in one or the other, but not both.  this is something that mapu (united popular action movement)-barrueto is not addressing with the same earnestness. they apparently seek to take part in every group there is, whether it is called the ppd, cosono (socialist command for the no) or leftist party.    the christian left people went even further. at no time did they conceal their wish that luis maira preside over the new party.    the plenum of the socialist party (ps)-almeyda was, of course, the most eagerly anticipated. as on other occasions, it was supposed to set the tone for the jockeying by the left. they ambitiously felt that this was the opportunity to remove some strategic obstacles, sort of like killing two birds with one stone: registration and the sought-after socialist unity.    perhaps this is why they held their plenum, where on 28 and 29 october they discussed the advantages of registering their own party, in other words, responding once and for all to the initiatives of the nunezes, who took over the ppd, the only legally recognized socialist group.  others thought that it would be wiser to promote a party in the "socialist space," bring together there christian left, mapu-barrueto and the small socialist groups that still exist, in other words, cosono as a party. this stand obviously gave priority to something of a leading political role and kept the pc at a distance.    the option of registering a broad left-wing group was also raised at the plenum; to many this entailed a certain "sacrifice" of predominance by the socialists.    the ps-almeyda ultimately opted for a "consensus" vote, of whose public version there were several interpretations.  there was talk of "the registration of a legal instrument representative of the socialist space at the disposal of the grassroots forces and of the progressive and leftist independents who have so far belonged to unlegalized parties." the intention of the socialist language was clear, but the party did not close ranks with a broad left-wing alliance. the emphasis was in the eye of the beholder.    what was not made public was that the political vote of "the more than 50 and fewer than 100 participants" spoke of giving priority to socialist leadership in the new party. the negotiations are now focusing on this. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(597, 600, ' unlegalized', -0.6018704771995544), (597, 601, ' unlegalized parties', -2.4891421794891357), (529, 529, '', -1.5363399982452393)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>varying intentions    the program for legal action certainly raises different expectations among the partners in iu. there has been talk about that in recent days. all indications are, indeed, that because time is running short they will start up without much circumspection. to put it more clearly, the presumption is that they will wait until things are under way before trying to put their own mark on the newborn.    christian left (ic) was the first to give this signal. the resolutions of its plenum, made public on 28 october, clearly revealed that it intended to unify the entire left in the formation of the new political entity. in passing, they sent a message to their men who were involved in the ppd (party for democracy): they have to decide between membership in one or the other, but not both.  this is something that mapu (united popular action movement)-barrueto is not addressing with the same earnestness. they apparently seek to take part in every group there is, whether it is called the ppd, cosono (socialist command for the no) or leftist party.    the christian left people went even further. at no time did they conceal their wish that luis maira preside over the new party.    the plenum of the socialist party (ps)-almeyda was, of course, the most eagerly anticipated. as on other occasions, it was supposed to set the tone for the jockeying by the left. they ambitiously felt that this was the opportunity to remove some strategic obstacles, sort of like killing two birds with one stone: registration and the sought-after socialist unity.    perhaps this is why they held their plenum, where on 28 and 29 october they discussed the advantages of registering their own party, in other words, responding once and for all to the initiatives of the nunezes, who took over the ppd, the only legally recognized socialist group.  others thought that it would be wiser to promote a party in the "socialist space," bring together there christian left, mapu-barrueto and the small socialist groups that still exist, in other words, cosono as a party. this stand obviously gave priority to something of a leading political role and kept the pc at a distance.    the option of registering a broad left-wing group was also raised at the plenum; to many this entailed a certain "sacrifice" of predominance by the socialists.    the ps-almeyda ultimately opted for a "consensus" vote, of whose public version there were several interpretations.  there was talk of "the registration of a legal instrument representative of the socialist space at the disposal of the grassroots forces and of the progressive and leftist independents who have so far belonged to unlegalized parties." the intention of the socialist language was clear, but the party did not close ranks with a broad left-wing alliance. the emphasis was in the eye of the beholder.    what was not made public was that the political vote of "the more than 50 and fewer than 100 participants" spoke of giving priority to socialist leadership in the new party. the negotiations are now focusing on this. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(586, 599, ' progressive and leftist independents who have so far belonged to unlegalized', -0.5400285720825195), (586, 600, ' progressive and leftist independents who have so far belonged to unlegalized parties', -2.0123560428619385), (586, 589, ' progressive and leftist', -2.9009945392608643)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>varying intentions    the program for legal action certainly raises different expectations among the partners in iu. there has been talk about that in recent days. all indications are, indeed, that because time is running short they will start up without much circumspection. to put it more clearly, the presumption is that they will wait until things are under way before trying to put their own mark on the newborn.    christian left (ic) was the first to give this signal. the resolutions of its plenum, made public on 28 october, clearly revealed that it intended to unify the entire left in the formation of the new political entity. in passing, they sent a message to their men who were involved in the ppd (party for democracy): they have to decide between membership in one or the other, but not both.  this is something that mapu (united popular action movement)-barrueto is not addressing with the same earnestness. they apparently seek to take part in every group there is, whether it is called the ppd, cosono (socialist command for the no) or leftist party.    the christian left people went even further. at no time did they conceal their wish that luis maira preside over the new party.    the plenum of the socialist party (ps)-almeyda was, of course, the most eagerly anticipated. as on other occasions, it was supposed to set the tone for the jockeying by the left. they ambitiously felt that this was the opportunity to remove some strategic obstacles, sort of like killing two birds with one stone: registration and the sought-after socialist unity.    perhaps this is why they held their plenum, where on 28 and 29 october they discussed the advantages of registering their own party, in other words, responding once and for all to the initiatives of the nunezes, who took over the ppd, the only legally recognized socialist group.  others thought that it would be wiser to promote a party in the "socialist space," bring together there christian left, mapu-barrueto and the small socialist groups that still exist, in other words, cosono as a party. this stand obviously gave priority to something of a leading political role and kept the pc at a distance.    the option of registering a broad left-wing group was also raised at the plenum; to many this entailed a certain "sacrifice" of predominance by the socialists.    the ps-almeyda ultimately opted for a "consensus" vote, of whose public version there were several interpretations.  there was talk of "the registration of a legal instrument representative of the socialist space at the disposal of the grassroots forces and of the progressive and leftist independents who have so far belonged to unlegalized parties." the intention of the socialist language was clear, but the party did not close ranks with a broad left-wing alliance. the emphasis was in the eye of the beholder.    what was not made public was that the political vote of "the more than 50 and fewer than 100 participants" spoke of giving priority to socialist leadership in the new party. the negotiations are now focusing on this. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(586, 599, ' progressive and leftist independents who have so far belonged to unlegalized', -2.139655828475952), (586, 600, ' progressive and leftist independents who have so far belonged to unlegalized parties', -3.829085350036621), (586, 589, ' progressive and leftist', -4.880045413970947)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>varying intentions    the program for legal action certainly raises different expectations among the partners in iu. there has been talk about that in recent days. all indications are, indeed, that because time is running short they will start up without much circumspection. to put it more clearly, the presumption is that they will wait until things are under way before trying to put their own mark on the newborn.    christian left (ic) was the first to give this signal. the resolutions of its plenum, made public on 28 october, clearly revealed that it intended to unify the entire left in the formation of the new political entity. in passing, they sent a message to their men who were involved in the ppd (party for democracy): they have to decide between membership in one or the other, but not both.  this is something that mapu (united popular action movement)-barrueto is not addressing with the same earnestness. they apparently seek to take part in every group there is, whether it is called the ppd, cosono (socialist command for the no) or leftist party.    the christian left people went even further. at no time did they conceal their wish that luis maira preside over the new party.    the plenum of the socialist party (ps)-almeyda was, of course, the most eagerly anticipated. as on other occasions, it was supposed to set the tone for the jockeying by the left. they ambitiously felt that this was the opportunity to remove some strategic obstacles, sort of like killing two birds with one stone: registration and the sought-after socialist unity.    perhaps this is why they held their plenum, where on 28 and 29 october they discussed the advantages of registering their own party, in other words, responding once and for all to the initiatives of the nunezes, who took over the ppd, the only legally recognized socialist group.  others thought that it would be wiser to promote a party in the "socialist space," bring together there christian left, mapu-barrueto and the small socialist groups that still exist, in other words, cosono as a party. this stand obviously gave priority to something of a leading political role and kept the pc at a distance.    the option of registering a broad left-wing group was also raised at the plenum; to many this entailed a certain "sacrifice" of predominance by the socialists.    the ps-almeyda ultimately opted for a "consensus" vote, of whose public version there were several interpretations.  there was talk of "the registration of a legal instrument representative of the socialist space at the disposal of the grassroots forces and of the progressive and leftist independents who have so far belonged to unlegalized parties." the intention of the socialist language was clear, but the party did not close ranks with a broad left-wing alliance. the emphasis was in the eye of the beholder.    what was not made public was that the political vote of "the more than 50 and fewer than 100 participants" spoke of giving priority to socialist leadership in the new party. the negotiations are now focusing on this. (continued)</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(129, 133, ' unify the entire', -4.644228935241699), (129, 141, ' unify the entire left in the formation of the new political', -6.360833168029785), (528, 528, '', -4.016119956970215)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>santa ana -- (fmln) urban guerrillas operating in santa ana have claimed responsibility for the murder of rosa imelda gonzalez medrano, a professor at the western campus of the national university.    the guerrillas stated that the dead woman was active within the ranks of the fmln and that her alias was "marianela." they added that her death was a "revolutionary execution" because she was considered a traitor to the organization.    gonzalez medrano was killed on the night of 16 december, on 13th avenue south, 11th street east in the san rafael neighborhood, when she was returning from a demonstration sponsored by the national university, san salvador campus.    the third justice of the peace ordered the removal of the body from the scene and its release to the family. at the time of her death, gonzalez medrano was head of the law department. in the past she held the office of attorney general of the poor (procuradora general de pobres).</s>', 'start_gold': 29, 'end_gold': 44, 'gold': ' responsibility for the murder of rosa imelda gonzalez medrano', 'candidates': [(18, 21, ' urban guerr', 11.497809410095215), (18, 26, ' urban guerrillas operating in santa', 6.569851875305176), (18, 29, ' urban guerrillas operating in santa ana have claimed', 4.6635284423828125)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>santa ana -- (fmln) urban guerrillas operating in santa ana have claimed responsibility for the murder of rosa imelda gonzalez medrano, a professor at the western campus of the national university.    the guerrillas stated that the dead woman was active within the ranks of the fmln and that her alias was "marianela." they added that her death was a "revolutionary execution" because she was considered a traitor to the organization.    gonzalez medrano was killed on the night of 16 december, on 13th avenue south, 11th street east in the san rafael neighborhood, when she was returning from a demonstration sponsored by the national university, san salvador campus.    the third justice of the peace ordered the removal of the body from the scene and its release to the family. at the time of her death, gonzalez medrano was head of the law department. in the past she held the office of attorney general of the poor (procuradora general de pobres).</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(18, 21, ' urban guerr', 12.9119234085083), (18, 26, ' urban guerrillas operating in santa', 8.596881866455078), (18, 22, ' urban guerrillas', 6.448990821838379)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>santa ana -- (fmln) urban guerrillas operating in santa ana have claimed responsibility for the murder of rosa imelda gonzalez medrano, a professor at the western campus of the national university.    the guerrillas stated that the dead woman was active within the ranks of the fmln and that her alias was "marianela." they added that her death was a "revolutionary execution" because she was considered a traitor to the organization.    gonzalez medrano was killed on the night of 16 december, on 13th avenue south, 11th street east in the san rafael neighborhood, when she was returning from a demonstration sponsored by the national university, san salvador campus.    the third justice of the peace ordered the removal of the body from the scene and its release to the family. at the time of her death, gonzalez medrano was head of the law department. in the past she held the office of attorney general of the poor (procuradora general de pobres).</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(17, 20, ' urban guerr', 0.4904289245605469), (17, 42, ' urban guerrillas operating in santa ana have claimed responsibility for the murder of rosa imelda gonzalez med', -1.3906426429748535), (17, 25, ' urban guerrillas operating in santa', -2.3646655082702637)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>santa ana -- (fmln) urban guerrillas operating in santa ana have claimed responsibility for the murder of rosa imelda gonzalez medrano, a professor at the western campus of the national university.    the guerrillas stated that the dead woman was active within the ranks of the fmln and that her alias was "marianela." they added that her death was a "revolutionary execution" because she was considered a traitor to the organization.    gonzalez medrano was killed on the night of 16 december, on 13th avenue south, 11th street east in the san rafael neighborhood, when she was returning from a demonstration sponsored by the national university, san salvador campus.    the third justice of the peace ordered the removal of the body from the scene and its release to the family. at the time of her death, gonzalez medrano was head of the law department. in the past she held the office of attorney general of the poor (procuradora general de pobres).</s>', 'start_gold': 114, 'end_gold': 134, 'gold': 'alez medrano was killed on the night of 16 december, on 13th avenue south, 11', 'candidates': [(17, 20, ' urban guerr', 3.4799346923828125), (17, 42, ' urban guerrillas operating in santa ana have claimed responsibility for the murder of rosa imelda gonzalez med', 3.455087184906006), (17, 43, ' urban guerrillas operating in santa ana have claimed responsibility for the murder of rosa imelda gonzalez medrano', 0.03037738800048828)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>santa ana -- (fmln) urban guerrillas operating in santa ana have claimed responsibility for the murder of rosa imelda gonzalez medrano, a professor at the western campus of the national university.    the guerrillas stated that the dead woman was active within the ranks of the fmln and that her alias was "marianela." they added that her death was a "revolutionary execution" because she was considered a traitor to the organization.    gonzalez medrano was killed on the night of 16 december, on 13th avenue south, 11th street east in the san rafael neighborhood, when she was returning from a demonstration sponsored by the national university, san salvador campus.    the third justice of the peace ordered the removal of the body from the scene and its release to the family. at the time of her death, gonzalez medrano was head of the law department. in the past she held the office of attorney general of the poor (procuradora general de pobres).</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(17, 20, ' urban guerr', 8.62558364868164), (17, 25, ' urban guerrillas operating in santa', 5.133738994598389), (17, 21, ' urban guerrillas', 3.9446539878845215)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>military sources today reported that three chilean army officers, one of them the commander of a regiment, have died in a helicopter accident during a patrol operation.    the same sources reported that in the zone of coyhaique, 1,950 km south of santiago, colonel rodolfo vargas, the commander of the "bulnes" 26th regiment, headquartered in that southern city, died along with two other officers when their helicopter crashed.    the officers were flying in search of a deserter from that regiment when the accident took place yesterday afternoon.    police sources have also reported that the three people injured in an attack on a bridge that took place yesterday near tongoy beach, some 600 km north of santiago, are members of a military unit of that area.    the same sources reported that those injured, an officer and two noncommissioned officers, were crossing the bridge in a private car when a bomb exploded destroying the bridge.    the three military men suffered relatively serious injuries.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(168, 175, ' members of a military unit of that', 10.99966812133789), (168, 172, ' members of a military', 10.23463249206543), (168, 176, ' members of a military unit of that area', 8.272431373596191)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>military sources today reported that three chilean army officers, one of them the commander of a regiment, have died in a helicopter accident during a patrol operation.    the same sources reported that in the zone of coyhaique, 1,950 km south of santiago, colonel rodolfo vargas, the commander of the "bulnes" 26th regiment, headquartered in that southern city, died along with two other officers when their helicopter crashed.    the officers were flying in search of a deserter from that regiment when the accident took place yesterday afternoon.    police sources have also reported that the three people injured in an attack on a bridge that took place yesterday near tongoy beach, some 600 km north of santiago, are members of a military unit of that area.    the same sources reported that those injured, an officer and two noncommissioned officers, were crossing the bridge in a private car when a bomb exploded destroying the bridge.    the three military men suffered relatively serious injuries.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(168, 175, ' members of a military unit of that', 7.35172176361084), (168, 172, ' members of a military', 6.650500297546387), (168, 176, ' members of a military unit of that area', 4.774281024932861)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>military sources today reported that three chilean army officers, one of them the commander of a regiment, have died in a helicopter accident during a patrol operation.    the same sources reported that in the zone of coyhaique, 1,950 km south of santiago, colonel rodolfo vargas, the commander of the "bulnes" 26th regiment, headquartered in that southern city, died along with two other officers when their helicopter crashed.    the officers were flying in search of a deserter from that regiment when the accident took place yesterday afternoon.    police sources have also reported that the three people injured in an attack on a bridge that took place yesterday near tongoy beach, some 600 km north of santiago, are members of a military unit of that area.    the same sources reported that those injured, an officer and two noncommissioned officers, were crossing the bridge in a private car when a bomb exploded destroying the bridge.    the three military men suffered relatively serious injuries.</s>', 'start_gold': 643, 'end_gold': 654, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(167, 174, ' members of a military unit of that', -3.5430359840393066), (167, 171, ' members of a military', -4.296761512756348), (167, 175, ' members of a military unit of that area', -6.307900905609131)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>military sources today reported that three chilean army officers, one of them the commander of a regiment, have died in a helicopter accident during a patrol operation.    the same sources reported that in the zone of coyhaique, 1,950 km south of santiago, colonel rodolfo vargas, the commander of the "bulnes" 26th regiment, headquartered in that southern city, died along with two other officers when their helicopter crashed.    the officers were flying in search of a deserter from that regiment when the accident took place yesterday afternoon.    police sources have also reported that the three people injured in an attack on a bridge that took place yesterday near tongoy beach, some 600 km north of santiago, are members of a military unit of that area.    the same sources reported that those injured, an officer and two noncommissioned officers, were crossing the bridge in a private car when a bomb exploded destroying the bridge.    the three military men suffered relatively serious injuries.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(14, 19, ' three chilean army', 7.589022159576416), (14, 20, ' three chilean army officers', 3.4188342094421387), (14, 14, '', 2.798807382583618)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>military sources today reported that three chilean army officers, one of them the commander of a regiment, have died in a helicopter accident during a patrol operation.    the same sources reported that in the zone of coyhaique, 1,950 km south of santiago, colonel rodolfo vargas, the commander of the "bulnes" 26th regiment, headquartered in that southern city, died along with two other officers when their helicopter crashed.    the officers were flying in search of a deserter from that regiment when the accident took place yesterday afternoon.    police sources have also reported that the three people injured in an attack on a bridge that took place yesterday near tongoy beach, some 600 km north of santiago, are members of a military unit of that area.    the same sources reported that those injured, an officer and two noncommissioned officers, were crossing the bridge in a private car when a bomb exploded destroying the bridge.    the three military men suffered relatively serious injuries.</s>', 'start_gold': 914, 'end_gold': 925, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(167, 174, ' members of a military unit of that', 3.6820645332336426), (167, 171, ' members of a military', 3.4377496242523193), (167, 175, ' members of a military unit of that area', 0.8461391925811768)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>early in the morning of 21 december fmln rebels raided san jose villanueva, south of san salvador, la libertad department, where they set fire to the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office and destroyed the local garrison. according to a government report received a few minutes ago, they also killed the local civil defense commander.    army and police units combed the area this morning to try to defuse bombs that the rebels might have planted in the town streets. it has also been reported that a clash occurred on the town's outskirts where reportedly several were killed and several wounded.</s>", 'start_gold': 45, 'end_gold': 59, 'gold': ' set fire to the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office and', 'candidates': [(21, 21, '', 2.2387733459472656), (21, 41, ' rebels raided san jose villanueva, south of san salvador, la libertad', -3.8392927646636963), (21, 22, ' rebels', -4.877910614013672)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>early in the morning of 21 december fmln rebels raided san jose villanueva, south of san salvador, la libertad department, where they set fire to the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office and destroyed the local garrison. according to a government report received a few minutes ago, they also killed the local civil defense commander.    army and police units combed the area this morning to try to defuse bombs that the rebels might have planted in the town streets. it has also been reported that a clash occurred on the town's outskirts where reportedly several were killed and several wounded.</s>", 'start_gold': 45, 'end_gold': 58, 'gold': ' set fire to the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office', 'candidates': [(21, 21, '', 5.4984941482543945), (21, 41, ' rebels raided san jose villanueva, south of san salvador, la libertad', -0.7220954895019531), (21, 22, ' rebels', -1.1280150413513184)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>early in the morning of 21 december fmln rebels raided san jose villanueva, south of san salvador, la libertad department, where they set fire to the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office and destroyed the local garrison. according to a government report received a few minutes ago, they also killed the local civil defense commander.    army and police units combed the area this morning to try to defuse bombs that the rebels might have planted in the town streets. it has also been reported that a clash occurred on the town's outskirts where reportedly several were killed and several wounded.</s>", 'start_gold': 238, 'end_gold': 250, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(22, 40, ' san jose villanueva, south of san salvador, la libertad', -2.9134092330932617), (22, 28, ' san jose villanue', -3.7112908363342285), (22, 41, ' san jose villanueva, south of san salvador, la libertad department', -5.620042324066162)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>early in the morning of 21 december fmln rebels raided san jose villanueva, south of san salvador, la libertad department, where they set fire to the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office and destroyed the local garrison. according to a government report received a few minutes ago, they also killed the local civil defense commander.    army and police units combed the area this morning to try to defuse bombs that the rebels might have planted in the town streets. it has also been reported that a clash occurred on the town's outskirts where reportedly several were killed and several wounded.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(129, 134, ' several were killed and several', 4.610238075256348), (129, 135, ' several were killed and several wounded', 2.2840449810028076), (129, 131, ' several were', 0.6186938285827637)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>early in the morning of 21 december fmln rebels raided san jose villanueva, south of san salvador, la libertad department, where they set fire to the antel (national administration for telecommunications) office and destroyed the local garrison. according to a government report received a few minutes ago, they also killed the local civil defense commander.    army and police units combed the area this morning to try to defuse bombs that the rebels might have planted in the town streets. it has also been reported that a clash occurred on the town's outskirts where reportedly several were killed and several wounded.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(51, 54, 'national administration for', 2.147425651550293), (51, 55, 'national administration for telecommunications', -1.7610300779342651), (51, 62, 'national administration for telecommunications) office and destroyed the local garrison', -2.2977685928344727)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>in the last few days of this year, the nation has been discussing peace in a way seldom heard of before. all colombians, including illustrious former presidents, the media, the catholic church, political parties, the rebels, and the nation at large, have been voicing their strong desire for reconciliation in the homeland.    we rebels have always regarded peace highly. this is why we have always clearly reiterated this idea. to set the proper frame of mind, we will recall what was said in the la uribe agreement on 28 march 1984:    "to ensure peace in the nation--which is an essential prerequisite for the colombian people\'s prosperity--and social and economic development based on liberty and justice, the following is hereby agreed upon.    "1. the farc and ep (poor people\'s army) will order a cease-fire and the suspension of all military operations in all fronts throughout the country as of 0000 on 28 may 1984.    "2. the farc and ep will again condemn and not allow kidnappings, extortion, and terrorism in all their forms.  farc-ep will help eliminate these practices because they are an attack on liberty and human dignity."    in addition, the m-19 and epl (people\'s liberation army) reached the following agreement with the government: "... we believe the cessation of armed clashes between government forces and the rebels is an essential requirement to lay the groundwork for the political, economic, and social reforms that the colombian people need and desire. taking into account the highest interests of the homeland, the government and the rebels have reached the following agreement: the negotiation and dialogue commission, the epl general command, and the m-19 high command have agreed on a cease-fire. once this is carried out, a great national dialogue will begin, develop, and conclude. through this dialogue, all social and political sectors will be able to express their willingness to search for peace based on social justice.    "consequently, the epl general command and the m-19 high command hereby order all fronts, columns, and units to cease firing and suspend all military operations as of 1300 on 30 august."    the spirit and the letter of these accords is now worth considering. there was a time when colombians said these accords between the government and the rebels had become the country\'s new political philosophy.    this is not the time for useless recriminations, but for a serious effort to determine who is to blame because the accords went partially unfulfilled. anyway, considering these accords will not harm the government\'s policy. we hereby reaffirm our willingness to talk with your government to find a political solution to the country\'s problems.  this willingness to talk is shared by all of the members of the simon bolivar guerrilla coordinating board and is part of the conclusions reached by three guerrilla summit meetings.    we fully agree with the peace proposal presented by senator alberto leyva duran. we find it clear, simple, understandable, and complete. this is why we wrote this letter, made our latest statements, and have given instructions for a unilateral cease-fire as the best christmas gift for our people.    (signed) manuel marulanda velez, jacobo arenas, alfonso cano, raul reyes, timoleon jimenez    farc general staff, simon bolivar guerrilla coordinating board</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(527, 530, ' who is to', 4.073338985443115), (527, 539, ' who is to blame because the accords went partially unful', -0.42097246646881104), (527, 527, '', -2.0724129676818848)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>in the last few days of this year, the nation has been discussing peace in a way seldom heard of before. all colombians, including illustrious former presidents, the media, the catholic church, political parties, the rebels, and the nation at large, have been voicing their strong desire for reconciliation in the homeland.    we rebels have always regarded peace highly. this is why we have always clearly reiterated this idea. to set the proper frame of mind, we will recall what was said in the la uribe agreement on 28 march 1984:    "to ensure peace in the nation--which is an essential prerequisite for the colombian people\'s prosperity--and social and economic development based on liberty and justice, the following is hereby agreed upon.    "1. the farc and ep (poor people\'s army) will order a cease-fire and the suspension of all military operations in all fronts throughout the country as of 0000 on 28 may 1984.    "2. the farc and ep will again condemn and not allow kidnappings, extortion, and terrorism in all their forms.  farc-ep will help eliminate these practices because they are an attack on liberty and human dignity."    in addition, the m-19 and epl (people\'s liberation army) reached the following agreement with the government: "... we believe the cessation of armed clashes between government forces and the rebels is an essential requirement to lay the groundwork for the political, economic, and social reforms that the colombian people need and desire. taking into account the highest interests of the homeland, the government and the rebels have reached the following agreement: the negotiation and dialogue commission, the epl general command, and the m-19 high command have agreed on a cease-fire. once this is carried out, a great national dialogue will begin, develop, and conclude. through this dialogue, all social and political sectors will be able to express their willingness to search for peace based on social justice.    "consequently, the epl general command and the m-19 high command hereby order all fronts, columns, and units to cease firing and suspend all military operations as of 1300 on 30 august."    the spirit and the letter of these accords is now worth considering. there was a time when colombians said these accords between the government and the rebels had become the country\'s new political philosophy.    this is not the time for useless recriminations, but for a serious effort to determine who is to blame because the accords went partially unfulfilled. anyway, considering these accords will not harm the government\'s policy. we hereby reaffirm our willingness to talk with your government to find a political solution to the country\'s problems.  this willingness to talk is shared by all of the members of the simon bolivar guerrilla coordinating board and is part of the conclusions reached by three guerrilla summit meetings.    we fully agree with the peace proposal presented by senator alberto leyva duran. we find it clear, simple, understandable, and complete. this is why we wrote this letter, made our latest statements, and have given instructions for a unilateral cease-fire as the best christmas gift for our people.    (signed) manuel marulanda velez, jacobo arenas, alfonso cano, raul reyes, timoleon jimenez    farc general staff, simon bolivar guerrilla coordinating board</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(54, 55, ' the', -0.18568500876426697), (54, 61, ' the rebels, and the nation at', -1.8736238479614258), (527, 530, ' who is to', 1.1834783554077148)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>in the last few days of this year, the nation has been discussing peace in a way seldom heard of before. all colombians, including illustrious former presidents, the media, the catholic church, political parties, the rebels, and the nation at large, have been voicing their strong desire for reconciliation in the homeland.    we rebels have always regarded peace highly. this is why we have always clearly reiterated this idea. to set the proper frame of mind, we will recall what was said in the la uribe agreement on 28 march 1984:    "to ensure peace in the nation--which is an essential prerequisite for the colombian people\'s prosperity--and social and economic development based on liberty and justice, the following is hereby agreed upon.    "1. the farc and ep (poor people\'s army) will order a cease-fire and the suspension of all military operations in all fronts throughout the country as of 0000 on 28 may 1984.    "2. the farc and ep will again condemn and not allow kidnappings, extortion, and terrorism in all their forms.  farc-ep will help eliminate these practices because they are an attack on liberty and human dignity."    in addition, the m-19 and epl (people\'s liberation army) reached the following agreement with the government: "... we believe the cessation of armed clashes between government forces and the rebels is an essential requirement to lay the groundwork for the political, economic, and social reforms that the colombian people need and desire. taking into account the highest interests of the homeland, the government and the rebels have reached the following agreement: the negotiation and dialogue commission, the epl general command, and the m-19 high command have agreed on a cease-fire. once this is carried out, a great national dialogue will begin, develop, and conclude. through this dialogue, all social and political sectors will be able to express their willingness to search for peace based on social justice.    "consequently, the epl general command and the m-19 high command hereby order all fronts, columns, and units to cease firing and suspend all military operations as of 1300 on 30 august."    the spirit and the letter of these accords is now worth considering. there was a time when colombians said these accords between the government and the rebels had become the country\'s new political philosophy.    this is not the time for useless recriminations, but for a serious effort to determine who is to blame because the accords went partially unfulfilled. anyway, considering these accords will not harm the government\'s policy. we hereby reaffirm our willingness to talk with your government to find a political solution to the country\'s problems.  this willingness to talk is shared by all of the members of the simon bolivar guerrilla coordinating board and is part of the conclusions reached by three guerrilla summit meetings.    we fully agree with the peace proposal presented by senator alberto leyva duran. we find it clear, simple, understandable, and complete. this is why we wrote this letter, made our latest statements, and have given instructions for a unilateral cease-fire as the best christmas gift for our people.    (signed) manuel marulanda velez, jacobo arenas, alfonso cano, raul reyes, timoleon jimenez    farc general staff, simon bolivar guerrilla coordinating board</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(526, 529, ' who is to', 0.36723875999450684), (526, 538, ' who is to blame because the accords went partially unful', -3.3690109252929688), (225, 231, ' kidnappings, extortion, and', -2.6448659896850586)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>in the last few days of this year, the nation has been discussing peace in a way seldom heard of before. all colombians, including illustrious former presidents, the media, the catholic church, political parties, the rebels, and the nation at large, have been voicing their strong desire for reconciliation in the homeland.    we rebels have always regarded peace highly. this is why we have always clearly reiterated this idea. to set the proper frame of mind, we will recall what was said in the la uribe agreement on 28 march 1984:    "to ensure peace in the nation--which is an essential prerequisite for the colombian people\'s prosperity--and social and economic development based on liberty and justice, the following is hereby agreed upon.    "1. the farc and ep (poor people\'s army) will order a cease-fire and the suspension of all military operations in all fronts throughout the country as of 0000 on 28 may 1984.    "2. the farc and ep will again condemn and not allow kidnappings, extortion, and terrorism in all their forms.  farc-ep will help eliminate these practices because they are an attack on liberty and human dignity."    in addition, the m-19 and epl (people\'s liberation army) reached the following agreement with the government: "... we believe the cessation of armed clashes between government forces and the rebels is an essential requirement to lay the groundwork for the political, economic, and social reforms that the colombian people need and desire. taking into account the highest interests of the homeland, the government and the rebels have reached the following agreement: the negotiation and dialogue commission, the epl general command, and the m-19 high command have agreed on a cease-fire. once this is carried out, a great national dialogue will begin, develop, and conclude. through this dialogue, all social and political sectors will be able to express their willingness to search for peace based on social justice.    "consequently, the epl general command and the m-19 high command hereby order all fronts, columns, and units to cease firing and suspend all military operations as of 1300 on 30 august."    the spirit and the letter of these accords is now worth considering. there was a time when colombians said these accords between the government and the rebels had become the country\'s new political philosophy.    this is not the time for useless recriminations, but for a serious effort to determine who is to blame because the accords went partially unfulfilled. anyway, considering these accords will not harm the government\'s policy. we hereby reaffirm our willingness to talk with your government to find a political solution to the country\'s problems.  this willingness to talk is shared by all of the members of the simon bolivar guerrilla coordinating board and is part of the conclusions reached by three guerrilla summit meetings.    we fully agree with the peace proposal presented by senator alberto leyva duran. we find it clear, simple, understandable, and complete. this is why we wrote this letter, made our latest statements, and have given instructions for a unilateral cease-fire as the best christmas gift for our people.    (signed) manuel marulanda velez, jacobo arenas, alfonso cano, raul reyes, timoleon jimenez    farc general staff, simon bolivar guerrilla coordinating board</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(526, 529, ' who is to', 3.286902666091919), (526, 538, ' who is to blame because the accords went partially unful', -1.0573740005493164), (526, 526, '', -2.2853684425354004)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>in the last few days of this year, the nation has been discussing peace in a way seldom heard of before. all colombians, including illustrious former presidents, the media, the catholic church, political parties, the rebels, and the nation at large, have been voicing their strong desire for reconciliation in the homeland.    we rebels have always regarded peace highly. this is why we have always clearly reiterated this idea. to set the proper frame of mind, we will recall what was said in the la uribe agreement on 28 march 1984:    "to ensure peace in the nation--which is an essential prerequisite for the colombian people\'s prosperity--and social and economic development based on liberty and justice, the following is hereby agreed upon.    "1. the farc and ep (poor people\'s army) will order a cease-fire and the suspension of all military operations in all fronts throughout the country as of 0000 on 28 may 1984.    "2. the farc and ep will again condemn and not allow kidnappings, extortion, and terrorism in all their forms.  farc-ep will help eliminate these practices because they are an attack on liberty and human dignity."    in addition, the m-19 and epl (people\'s liberation army) reached the following agreement with the government: "... we believe the cessation of armed clashes between government forces and the rebels is an essential requirement to lay the groundwork for the political, economic, and social reforms that the colombian people need and desire. taking into account the highest interests of the homeland, the government and the rebels have reached the following agreement: the negotiation and dialogue commission, the epl general command, and the m-19 high command have agreed on a cease-fire. once this is carried out, a great national dialogue will begin, develop, and conclude. through this dialogue, all social and political sectors will be able to express their willingness to search for peace based on social justice.    "consequently, the epl general command and the m-19 high command hereby order all fronts, columns, and units to cease firing and suspend all military operations as of 1300 on 30 august."    the spirit and the letter of these accords is now worth considering. there was a time when colombians said these accords between the government and the rebels had become the country\'s new political philosophy.    this is not the time for useless recriminations, but for a serious effort to determine who is to blame because the accords went partially unfulfilled. anyway, considering these accords will not harm the government\'s policy. we hereby reaffirm our willingness to talk with your government to find a political solution to the country\'s problems.  this willingness to talk is shared by all of the members of the simon bolivar guerrilla coordinating board and is part of the conclusions reached by three guerrilla summit meetings.    we fully agree with the peace proposal presented by senator alberto leyva duran. we find it clear, simple, understandable, and complete. this is why we wrote this letter, made our latest statements, and have given instructions for a unilateral cease-fire as the best christmas gift for our people.    (signed) manuel marulanda velez, jacobo arenas, alfonso cano, raul reyes, timoleon jimenez    farc general staff, simon bolivar guerrilla coordinating board</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(495, 495, '', 0.1066088080406189), (495, 517, " rebels had become the country's new political philosophy.    this is not the time for useless recrim", -3.1827750205993652), (495, 514, " rebels had become the country's new political philosophy.    this is not the time for", -5.313215732574463)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the peruvian governing party, apra, today ended a conflictive party congress on a note of defeat for president alan garcia, and with the emergence of former prime minister luis alva castro as new party leader.    the apra congress eliminated the post of party president, which was created for alan garcia in 1985, consolidating his position as party leader following a decisive victory in the presidential election of that year.    according to some critics within the party, the personalism that had characterized garcia\'s undisputed leadership since 1982 was thus ended.    luis alva castro, 46, former prime minister and economy minister as well as former president of the chamber of deputies, was elected by a large margin as the new secretary general, a post which regained the highest status in the party. alva castro capitalized on the internal dissidence and on the party\'s disenchantment with alan garcia as a result of the deterioration of the social and economic situation, which is considered the worst crisis in this century and is blamed on the chief of state\'s "stubbornness" in not changing his nationalistic and populist policy line."    the new cadre elected at the 16th apra congress is in favor of a "change in orientation" in the party\'s management and in the public administration for the remaining 18 months of the apra\'s term in office. it is expected that alan garcia and alva castro may reach an agreement on the way the government should be run until 1990, when the current presidential term will end following new general elections.    garcia also lost the presidency of the political commission that sets the party\'s political line. this post was won by luis alberto sanchez, 88, first vice president of the nation and one of the mainsprings in the changeover operation within the apra.    the other elective positions were filled with apra members who do not follow garcia\'s line. thus, the presence of alan garcia within the party was reduced to being member of the political commission in his capacity as former party secretary general.    two days ago, the peruvian chief of state resigned the apra presidency, upset over criticism directed at him during the opening of the party congress. he thus responded to obvious signs that the party president post would be eliminated.    the apra had thought alan garcia would be a very capable heir to victor raul haya de la torre, the party\'s founder and historical leader, who died in 1979. three and one-half years after garcia\'s election victory, the party disqualified garcia for the role of haya de la torre\'s successor because of his errors and his failure to rectify his government line.    following the tradition initiated by alan garcia, new apra leader luis alva castro will be sworn in as secretary general this coming friday before the tomb of haya de la torre in the northern city of trujillo, the apra\'s main bastion.    the economic crisis, marked by 2,000-percent inflation and a 20-percent recession from october 1987 to october 1988, is compounded by social instability and political violence, with killings averaging four per day.    an internal political storm hit the apra 16th national congress, and vice president sanchez said that he cannot recall anything similar.    during the last session of the congress, three youths were injured in a melee among apra people. other party members were hit on the head with handgun butts, and three newsmen--who had not been allowed to attend the proceedings of the congress--were attacked.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(417, 427, " apra members who do not follow garcia's", 2.099371910095215), (417, 425, ' apra members who do not follow gar', -1.3733222484588623), (417, 419, ' apra', -1.6864361763000488)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the peruvian governing party, apra, today ended a conflictive party congress on a note of defeat for president alan garcia, and with the emergence of former prime minister luis alva castro as new party leader.    the apra congress eliminated the post of party president, which was created for alan garcia in 1985, consolidating his position as party leader following a decisive victory in the presidential election of that year.    according to some critics within the party, the personalism that had characterized garcia\'s undisputed leadership since 1982 was thus ended.    luis alva castro, 46, former prime minister and economy minister as well as former president of the chamber of deputies, was elected by a large margin as the new secretary general, a post which regained the highest status in the party. alva castro capitalized on the internal dissidence and on the party\'s disenchantment with alan garcia as a result of the deterioration of the social and economic situation, which is considered the worst crisis in this century and is blamed on the chief of state\'s "stubbornness" in not changing his nationalistic and populist policy line."    the new cadre elected at the 16th apra congress is in favor of a "change in orientation" in the party\'s management and in the public administration for the remaining 18 months of the apra\'s term in office. it is expected that alan garcia and alva castro may reach an agreement on the way the government should be run until 1990, when the current presidential term will end following new general elections.    garcia also lost the presidency of the political commission that sets the party\'s political line. this post was won by luis alberto sanchez, 88, first vice president of the nation and one of the mainsprings in the changeover operation within the apra.    the other elective positions were filled with apra members who do not follow garcia\'s line. thus, the presence of alan garcia within the party was reduced to being member of the political commission in his capacity as former party secretary general.    two days ago, the peruvian chief of state resigned the apra presidency, upset over criticism directed at him during the opening of the party congress. he thus responded to obvious signs that the party president post would be eliminated.    the apra had thought alan garcia would be a very capable heir to victor raul haya de la torre, the party\'s founder and historical leader, who died in 1979. three and one-half years after garcia\'s election victory, the party disqualified garcia for the role of haya de la torre\'s successor because of his errors and his failure to rectify his government line.    following the tradition initiated by alan garcia, new apra leader luis alva castro will be sworn in as secretary general this coming friday before the tomb of haya de la torre in the northern city of trujillo, the apra\'s main bastion.    the economic crisis, marked by 2,000-percent inflation and a 20-percent recession from october 1987 to october 1988, is compounded by social instability and political violence, with killings averaging four per day.    an internal political storm hit the apra 16th national congress, and vice president sanchez said that he cannot recall anything similar.    during the last session of the congress, three youths were injured in a melee among apra people. other party members were hit on the head with handgun butts, and three newsmen--who had not been allowed to attend the proceedings of the congress--were attacked.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(515, 518, ' alan gar', 0.6252192258834839), (515, 535, ' alan garcia would be a very capable heir to victor raul haya de la tor', -2.5894904136657715), (515, 543, " alan garcia would be a very capable heir to victor raul haya de la torre, the party's founder and historical", -3.733643054962158)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the peruvian governing party, apra, today ended a conflictive party congress on a note of defeat for president alan garcia, and with the emergence of former prime minister luis alva castro as new party leader.    the apra congress eliminated the post of party president, which was created for alan garcia in 1985, consolidating his position as party leader following a decisive victory in the presidential election of that year.    according to some critics within the party, the personalism that had characterized garcia\'s undisputed leadership since 1982 was thus ended.    luis alva castro, 46, former prime minister and economy minister as well as former president of the chamber of deputies, was elected by a large margin as the new secretary general, a post which regained the highest status in the party. alva castro capitalized on the internal dissidence and on the party\'s disenchantment with alan garcia as a result of the deterioration of the social and economic situation, which is considered the worst crisis in this century and is blamed on the chief of state\'s "stubbornness" in not changing his nationalistic and populist policy line."    the new cadre elected at the 16th apra congress is in favor of a "change in orientation" in the party\'s management and in the public administration for the remaining 18 months of the apra\'s term in office. it is expected that alan garcia and alva castro may reach an agreement on the way the government should be run until 1990, when the current presidential term will end following new general elections.    garcia also lost the presidency of the political commission that sets the party\'s political line. this post was won by luis alberto sanchez, 88, first vice president of the nation and one of the mainsprings in the changeover operation within the apra.    the other elective positions were filled with apra members who do not follow garcia\'s line. thus, the presence of alan garcia within the party was reduced to being member of the political commission in his capacity as former party secretary general.    two days ago, the peruvian chief of state resigned the apra presidency, upset over criticism directed at him during the opening of the party congress. he thus responded to obvious signs that the party president post would be eliminated.    the apra had thought alan garcia would be a very capable heir to victor raul haya de la torre, the party\'s founder and historical leader, who died in 1979. three and one-half years after garcia\'s election victory, the party disqualified garcia for the role of haya de la torre\'s successor because of his errors and his failure to rectify his government line.    following the tradition initiated by alan garcia, new apra leader luis alva castro will be sworn in as secretary general this coming friday before the tomb of haya de la torre in the northern city of trujillo, the apra\'s main bastion.    the economic crisis, marked by 2,000-percent inflation and a 20-percent recession from october 1987 to october 1988, is compounded by social instability and political violence, with killings averaging four per day.    an internal political storm hit the apra 16th national congress, and vice president sanchez said that he cannot recall anything similar.    during the last session of the congress, three youths were injured in a melee among apra people. other party members were hit on the head with handgun butts, and three newsmen--who had not been allowed to attend the proceedings of the congress--were attacked.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(416, 426, " apra members who do not follow garcia's", -3.5413832664489746), (416, 418, ' apra', -5.7451887130737305), (45, 51, ' luis alva cast', -3.659675121307373)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the peruvian governing party, apra, today ended a conflictive party congress on a note of defeat for president alan garcia, and with the emergence of former prime minister luis alva castro as new party leader.    the apra congress eliminated the post of party president, which was created for alan garcia in 1985, consolidating his position as party leader following a decisive victory in the presidential election of that year.    according to some critics within the party, the personalism that had characterized garcia\'s undisputed leadership since 1982 was thus ended.    luis alva castro, 46, former prime minister and economy minister as well as former president of the chamber of deputies, was elected by a large margin as the new secretary general, a post which regained the highest status in the party. alva castro capitalized on the internal dissidence and on the party\'s disenchantment with alan garcia as a result of the deterioration of the social and economic situation, which is considered the worst crisis in this century and is blamed on the chief of state\'s "stubbornness" in not changing his nationalistic and populist policy line."    the new cadre elected at the 16th apra congress is in favor of a "change in orientation" in the party\'s management and in the public administration for the remaining 18 months of the apra\'s term in office. it is expected that alan garcia and alva castro may reach an agreement on the way the government should be run until 1990, when the current presidential term will end following new general elections.    garcia also lost the presidency of the political commission that sets the party\'s political line. this post was won by luis alberto sanchez, 88, first vice president of the nation and one of the mainsprings in the changeover operation within the apra.    the other elective positions were filled with apra members who do not follow garcia\'s line. thus, the presence of alan garcia within the party was reduced to being member of the political commission in his capacity as former party secretary general.    two days ago, the peruvian chief of state resigned the apra presidency, upset over criticism directed at him during the opening of the party congress. he thus responded to obvious signs that the party president post would be eliminated.    the apra had thought alan garcia would be a very capable heir to victor raul haya de la torre, the party\'s founder and historical leader, who died in 1979. three and one-half years after garcia\'s election victory, the party disqualified garcia for the role of haya de la torre\'s successor because of his errors and his failure to rectify his government line.    following the tradition initiated by alan garcia, new apra leader luis alva castro will be sworn in as secretary general this coming friday before the tomb of haya de la torre in the northern city of trujillo, the apra\'s main bastion.    the economic crisis, marked by 2,000-percent inflation and a 20-percent recession from october 1987 to october 1988, is compounded by social instability and political violence, with killings averaging four per day.    an internal political storm hit the apra 16th national congress, and vice president sanchez said that he cannot recall anything similar.    during the last session of the congress, three youths were injured in a melee among apra people. other party members were hit on the head with handgun butts, and three newsmen--who had not been allowed to attend the proceedings of the congress--were attacked.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(741, 742, ' three', 6.375513553619385), (741, 769, ' three youths were injured in a melee among apra people. other party members were hit on the head with handgun butts, and three news', 5.903778076171875), (741, 751, ' three youths were injured in a melee among apra', 5.772021770477295)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the peruvian governing party, apra, today ended a conflictive party congress on a note of defeat for president alan garcia, and with the emergence of former prime minister luis alva castro as new party leader.    the apra congress eliminated the post of party president, which was created for alan garcia in 1985, consolidating his position as party leader following a decisive victory in the presidential election of that year.    according to some critics within the party, the personalism that had characterized garcia\'s undisputed leadership since 1982 was thus ended.    luis alva castro, 46, former prime minister and economy minister as well as former president of the chamber of deputies, was elected by a large margin as the new secretary general, a post which regained the highest status in the party. alva castro capitalized on the internal dissidence and on the party\'s disenchantment with alan garcia as a result of the deterioration of the social and economic situation, which is considered the worst crisis in this century and is blamed on the chief of state\'s "stubbornness" in not changing his nationalistic and populist policy line."    the new cadre elected at the 16th apra congress is in favor of a "change in orientation" in the party\'s management and in the public administration for the remaining 18 months of the apra\'s term in office. it is expected that alan garcia and alva castro may reach an agreement on the way the government should be run until 1990, when the current presidential term will end following new general elections.    garcia also lost the presidency of the political commission that sets the party\'s political line. this post was won by luis alberto sanchez, 88, first vice president of the nation and one of the mainsprings in the changeover operation within the apra.    the other elective positions were filled with apra members who do not follow garcia\'s line. thus, the presence of alan garcia within the party was reduced to being member of the political commission in his capacity as former party secretary general.    two days ago, the peruvian chief of state resigned the apra presidency, upset over criticism directed at him during the opening of the party congress. he thus responded to obvious signs that the party president post would be eliminated.    the apra had thought alan garcia would be a very capable heir to victor raul haya de la torre, the party\'s founder and historical leader, who died in 1979. three and one-half years after garcia\'s election victory, the party disqualified garcia for the role of haya de la torre\'s successor because of his errors and his failure to rectify his government line.    following the tradition initiated by alan garcia, new apra leader luis alva castro will be sworn in as secretary general this coming friday before the tomb of haya de la torre in the northern city of trujillo, the apra\'s main bastion.    the economic crisis, marked by 2,000-percent inflation and a 20-percent recession from october 1987 to october 1988, is compounded by social instability and political violence, with killings averaging four per day.    an internal political storm hit the apra 16th national congress, and vice president sanchez said that he cannot recall anything similar.    during the last session of the congress, three youths were injured in a melee among apra people. other party members were hit on the head with handgun butts, and three newsmen--who had not been allowed to attend the proceedings of the congress--were attacked.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(762, 764, ' handgun but', 9.692717552185059), (762, 765, ' handgun butts', 6.4034223556518555), (762, 769, ' handgun butts, and three news', 6.235334873199463)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>a suspected guerrilla was killed in a fierce clash between rebels and government troops early tuesday morning (20 dec) in santa ana, 66 km west of san salvador. according to military sources, about 200 guerrillas from the feliciano ama front took up positions on the outskirts of the city and opened fire on the garrisons of the 2d infantry brigade and the national guard. they did not damage the garrisons or inflict any casualties.  (passage omitted)    while the rebels attacked the garrisons, another group attacked the cel (lempa river hydroelectric executive commission) san luis substation, 3 km north of santa ana. they caused minor damage to the control room with explosives. this plant distributes all of the electricity for the country's western area, so the damage was repaired under the supervision of cel engineers. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 68, 'end_gold': 81, 'gold': ' outskirts of the city and opened fire on the garrisons of', 'candidates': [(50, 54, ' about 200 guerr', 3.339585065841675), (50, 62, ' about 200 guerrillas from the feliciano ama', 0.8709449768066406), (50, 79, ' about 200 guerrillas from the feliciano ama front took up positions on the outskirts of the city and opened fire on the garris', 0.7172540426254272)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>a suspected guerrilla was killed in a fierce clash between rebels and government troops early tuesday morning (20 dec) in santa ana, 66 km west of san salvador. according to military sources, about 200 guerrillas from the feliciano ama front took up positions on the outskirts of the city and opened fire on the garrisons of the 2d infantry brigade and the national guard. they did not damage the garrisons or inflict any casualties.  (passage omitted)    while the rebels attacked the garrisons, another group attacked the cel (lempa river hydroelectric executive commission) san luis substation, 3 km north of santa ana. they caused minor damage to the control room with explosives. this plant distributes all of the electricity for the country's western area, so the damage was repaired under the supervision of cel engineers. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(115, 115, '', 7.283181190490723), (115, 120, ' rebels attacked the garris', 3.6647329330444336), (115, 121, ' rebels attacked the garrisons', 1.0536012649536133)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>a suspected guerrilla was killed in a fierce clash between rebels and government troops early tuesday morning (20 dec) in santa ana, 66 km west of san salvador. according to military sources, about 200 guerrillas from the feliciano ama front took up positions on the outskirts of the city and opened fire on the garrisons of the 2d infantry brigade and the national guard. they did not damage the garrisons or inflict any casualties.  (passage omitted)    while the rebels attacked the garrisons, another group attacked the cel (lempa river hydroelectric executive commission) san luis substation, 3 km north of santa ana. they caused minor damage to the control room with explosives. this plant distributes all of the electricity for the country's western area, so the damage was repaired under the supervision of cel engineers. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(75, 88, ' the garrisons of the 2d infantry brigade and the national', 12.825040817260742), (75, 102, ' the garrisons of the 2d infantry brigade and the national guard. they did not damage the garrisons or inflict any casualties', 9.309637069702148), (75, 89, ' the garrisons of the 2d infantry brigade and the national guard', 9.309635162353516)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>a suspected guerrilla was killed in a fierce clash between rebels and government troops early tuesday morning (20 dec) in santa ana, 66 km west of san salvador. according to military sources, about 200 guerrillas from the feliciano ama front took up positions on the outskirts of the city and opened fire on the garrisons of the 2d infantry brigade and the national guard. they did not damage the garrisons or inflict any casualties.  (passage omitted)    while the rebels attacked the garrisons, another group attacked the cel (lempa river hydroelectric executive commission) san luis substation, 3 km north of santa ana. they caused minor damage to the control room with explosives. this plant distributes all of the electricity for the country's western area, so the damage was repaired under the supervision of cel engineers. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(75, 88, ' the garrisons of the 2d infantry brigade and the national', 8.940793991088867), (75, 102, ' the garrisons of the 2d infantry brigade and the national guard. they did not damage the garrisons or inflict any casualties', 5.516706466674805), (75, 89, ' the garrisons of the 2d infantry brigade and the national guard', 5.516706466674805)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>a suspected guerrilla was killed in a fierce clash between rebels and government troops early tuesday morning (20 dec) in santa ana, 66 km west of san salvador. according to military sources, about 200 guerrillas from the feliciano ama front took up positions on the outskirts of the city and opened fire on the garrisons of the 2d infantry brigade and the national guard. they did not damage the garrisons or inflict any casualties.  (passage omitted)    while the rebels attacked the garrisons, another group attacked the cel (lempa river hydroelectric executive commission) san luis substation, 3 km north of santa ana. they caused minor damage to the control room with explosives. this plant distributes all of the electricity for the country's western area, so the damage was repaired under the supervision of cel engineers. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 681, 'end_gold': 694, 'gold': '<pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(81, 88, ' 2d infantry brigade and the national', 8.497518539428711), (81, 84, ' 2d infantry', 7.055471420288086), (81, 89, ' 2d infantry brigade and the national guard', 5.613454818725586)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>sao paulo federal police have seized two drug traffickers carrying 160 kilograms of cocaine. this is the largest drug seizure this year in sao paulo.    at 2130 in the local neighborhood of platinedi, a car passing 2 blocks from the public security secretary of the state was surrounded by a group of federal policemen armed with pistols and machineguns. in a quick operation, a man and a woman were arrested and the car was taken to the district police office. only today were the contents of the car exhibited: seven suitcases with 51 plastic bags containing a total of 160 kilograms of cocaine. this amount of cocaine is worth nearly $2 million. to disguise the odor of the drug the drug traffickers packed some pineapples among the plastic bags.    the federal police did not reveal the details of the operation, nor did they identify the drug traffickers. it was learned that they are leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes morais, who live in corumba, mato grosso do sul. they picked up the cocaine in bolivia, and they were going to distribute it in sao paulo and rio de janeiro.    the federal police revealed that leopoldo gomes portao had already served prison time twice for drug trafficking, and that the car he was driving had been stolen in rio de janeiro.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(195, 210, ' leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes mor', 16.006961822509766), (195, 224, ' leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes morais, who live in corumba, mato grosso do', 12.786840438842773), (195, 211, ' leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes morais', 12.16228199005127)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>sao paulo federal police have seized two drug traffickers carrying 160 kilograms of cocaine. this is the largest drug seizure this year in sao paulo.    at 2130 in the local neighborhood of platinedi, a car passing 2 blocks from the public security secretary of the state was surrounded by a group of federal policemen armed with pistols and machineguns. in a quick operation, a man and a woman were arrested and the car was taken to the district police office. only today were the contents of the car exhibited: seven suitcases with 51 plastic bags containing a total of 160 kilograms of cocaine. this amount of cocaine is worth nearly $2 million. to disguise the odor of the drug the drug traffickers packed some pineapples among the plastic bags.    the federal police did not reveal the details of the operation, nor did they identify the drug traffickers. it was learned that they are leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes morais, who live in corumba, mato grosso do sul. they picked up the cocaine in bolivia, and they were going to distribute it in sao paulo and rio de janeiro.    the federal police revealed that leopoldo gomes portao had already served prison time twice for drug trafficking, and that the car he was driving had been stolen in rio de janeiro.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(195, 210, ' leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes mor', 16.722862243652344), (195, 224, ' leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes morais, who live in corumba, mato grosso do', 13.450932502746582), (195, 211, ' leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes morais', 12.983298301696777)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>sao paulo federal police have seized two drug traffickers carrying 160 kilograms of cocaine. this is the largest drug seizure this year in sao paulo.    at 2130 in the local neighborhood of platinedi, a car passing 2 blocks from the public security secretary of the state was surrounded by a group of federal policemen armed with pistols and machineguns. in a quick operation, a man and a woman were arrested and the car was taken to the district police office. only today were the contents of the car exhibited: seven suitcases with 51 plastic bags containing a total of 160 kilograms of cocaine. this amount of cocaine is worth nearly $2 million. to disguise the odor of the drug the drug traffickers packed some pineapples among the plastic bags.    the federal police did not reveal the details of the operation, nor did they identify the drug traffickers. it was learned that they are leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes morais, who live in corumba, mato grosso do sul. they picked up the cocaine in bolivia, and they were going to distribute it in sao paulo and rio de janeiro.    the federal police revealed that leopoldo gomes portao had already served prison time twice for drug trafficking, and that the car he was driving had been stolen in rio de janeiro.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(194, 209, ' leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes mor', 7.7330827713012695), (194, 210, ' leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes morais', 4.931818008422852), (194, 223, ' leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes morais, who live in corumba, mato grosso do', 4.700358867645264)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>sao paulo federal police have seized two drug traffickers carrying 160 kilograms of cocaine. this is the largest drug seizure this year in sao paulo.    at 2130 in the local neighborhood of platinedi, a car passing 2 blocks from the public security secretary of the state was surrounded by a group of federal policemen armed with pistols and machineguns. in a quick operation, a man and a woman were arrested and the car was taken to the district police office. only today were the contents of the car exhibited: seven suitcases with 51 plastic bags containing a total of 160 kilograms of cocaine. this amount of cocaine is worth nearly $2 million. to disguise the odor of the drug the drug traffickers packed some pineapples among the plastic bags.    the federal police did not reveal the details of the operation, nor did they identify the drug traffickers. it was learned that they are leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes morais, who live in corumba, mato grosso do sul. they picked up the cocaine in bolivia, and they were going to distribute it in sao paulo and rio de janeiro.    the federal police revealed that leopoldo gomes portao had already served prison time twice for drug trafficking, and that the car he was driving had been stolen in rio de janeiro.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(194, 209, ' leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes mor', 15.375394821166992), (194, 223, ' leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes morais, who live in corumba, mato grosso do', 13.124786376953125), (194, 224, ' leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes morais, who live in corumba, mato grosso do sul', 11.786726951599121)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>sao paulo federal police have seized two drug traffickers carrying 160 kilograms of cocaine. this is the largest drug seizure this year in sao paulo.    at 2130 in the local neighborhood of platinedi, a car passing 2 blocks from the public security secretary of the state was surrounded by a group of federal policemen armed with pistols and machineguns. in a quick operation, a man and a woman were arrested and the car was taken to the district police office. only today were the contents of the car exhibited: seven suitcases with 51 plastic bags containing a total of 160 kilograms of cocaine. this amount of cocaine is worth nearly $2 million. to disguise the odor of the drug the drug traffickers packed some pineapples among the plastic bags.    the federal police did not reveal the details of the operation, nor did they identify the drug traffickers. it was learned that they are leopoldo gomes portao and genilde fernandes morais, who live in corumba, mato grosso do sul. they picked up the cocaine in bolivia, and they were going to distribute it in sao paulo and rio de janeiro.    the federal police revealed that leopoldo gomes portao had already served prison time twice for drug trafficking, and that the car he was driving had been stolen in rio de janeiro.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(76, 83, ' federal policemen armed with pistols and machine', 15.253832817077637), (76, 77, ' federal', 12.788171768188477), (76, 84, ' federal policemen armed with pistols and machineguns', 12.02267074584961)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>this morning, three bombs destroyed a checkpoint that was being built in santa fe, antioquia department, at a place known as paseo real. according to the authorities, the losses exceed 3 million pesos.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(13, 14, ' three', -11.01461410522461), (13, 31, ' three bombs destroyed a checkpoint that was being built in santa fe, antioquia', -12.571435928344727), (13, 25, ' three bombs destroyed a checkpoint that was being built in santa', -13.170724868774414)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>this morning, three bombs destroyed a checkpoint that was being built in santa fe, antioquia department, at a place known as paseo real. according to the authorities, the losses exceed 3 million pesos.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(13, 14, ' three', -9.302671432495117), (13, 31, ' three bombs destroyed a checkpoint that was being built in santa fe, antioquia', -11.23145866394043), (13, 25, ' three bombs destroyed a checkpoint that was being built in santa', -12.088472366333008)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>this morning, three bombs destroyed a checkpoint that was being built in santa fe, antioquia department, at a place known as paseo real. according to the authorities, the losses exceed 3 million pesos.</s>', 'start_gold': 46, 'end_gold': 58, 'gold': ', the losses exceed 3 million pesos.</s><pad><pad>', 'candidates': [(12, 13, ' three', -4.8132734298706055), (12, 16, ' three bombs destroyed a', -6.369053840637207), (12, 30, ' three bombs destroyed a checkpoint that was being built in santa fe, antioquia', -6.575986862182617)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>this morning, three bombs destroyed a checkpoint that was being built in santa fe, antioquia department, at a place known as paseo real. according to the authorities, the losses exceed 3 million pesos.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(50, 53, ' 3 million pes', -6.227179050445557), (50, 54, ' 3 million pesos', -7.261399269104004), (50, 52, ' 3 million', -10.258321762084961)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>this morning, three bombs destroyed a checkpoint that was being built in santa fe, antioquia department, at a place known as paseo real. according to the authorities, the losses exceed 3 million pesos.</s>', 'start_gold': 22, 'end_gold': 34, 'gold': ' santa fe, antioquia department, at a', 'candidates': [(13, 13, '', -3.786289691925049), (13, 30, ' bombs destroyed a checkpoint that was being built in santa fe, antioquia', -7.198677062988281), (13, 24, ' bombs destroyed a checkpoint that was being built in santa', -7.503595352172852)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>national police director colonel carlos mauricio guzman aguilar announced today that eight guerrillas, members of the fmln urban command units, are being held by the national police. four of the guerrillas were captured in the malaga neighborhood tuesday following a shoot-out with police.    guzman aguilar disclosed that one of the eight guerrillas is the daughter of a university leader. the eight rebels were captured during the past 48 hours and charged with being members of the fmln urban command units. the first four suspected guerrillas were detained after they attacked two policemen and crashed the vehicle they were in. the police seized large-caliber weapons from them.    later, during the police investigation, the four rebels supplied information to locate another urban guerrilla group, the police director noted.    (begin recording) (guzman aguilar) the national police captured four individuals who are members of urban command units. their names are: carlos elias menjivar guevara, rene armando guevara martinez, marco tulio molina escobar, and claudia ines canjura guillen. canjura guillen is the daughter of carlos canjura, who is the president of the university's general assembly.    yesterday, canjura and the university lawyer went to the police station to ask about his daughter's whereabouts.  according to him, she had disappeared 2 or 3 days ago and he had found out that the police were holding her.    based on information supplied by the arrested guerrillas, the police arrested another four individuals yesterday in the zacamillo neighborhood. they are: jaime alexander atencio valladares, luis san salvador rivas carrillo, ana ruth merino diaz, and claudia carolina sanchez flores.    following the shoot-out between the police and rebels in monserrat (name as heard), police found and seized the following weapons in the guerrillas' car: two romanian mp-24 9-mm submachineguns, one north korean 9-mm pistol, one.38 caliber hungarian-made pistol, 4 hand grenades, and 4 sticks of tnt. (end recording)    guzman aguilar said that after the 72 hours that the law allows to process an inmate pass, the eight guerrillas will be turned over to judicial authorities, who will determine the inmates' responsiblity for these acts.    the military officer made these statements at the public security military academy during a ceremony to swear in 19 new national police officers.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(203, 207, ' members of urban command', 5.3551435470581055), (203, 208, ' members of urban command units', 1.772719144821167), (531, 532, ' judicial', 2.0216705799102783)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>national police director colonel carlos mauricio guzman aguilar announced today that eight guerrillas, members of the fmln urban command units, are being held by the national police. four of the guerrillas were captured in the malaga neighborhood tuesday following a shoot-out with police.    guzman aguilar disclosed that one of the eight guerrillas is the daughter of a university leader. the eight rebels were captured during the past 48 hours and charged with being members of the fmln urban command units. the first four suspected guerrillas were detained after they attacked two policemen and crashed the vehicle they were in. the police seized large-caliber weapons from them.    later, during the police investigation, the four rebels supplied information to locate another urban guerrilla group, the police director noted.    (begin recording) (guzman aguilar) the national police captured four individuals who are members of urban command units. their names are: carlos elias menjivar guevara, rene armando guevara martinez, marco tulio molina escobar, and claudia ines canjura guillen. canjura guillen is the daughter of carlos canjura, who is the president of the university's general assembly.    yesterday, canjura and the university lawyer went to the police station to ask about his daughter's whereabouts.  according to him, she had disappeared 2 or 3 days ago and he had found out that the police were holding her.    based on information supplied by the arrested guerrillas, the police arrested another four individuals yesterday in the zacamillo neighborhood. they are: jaime alexander atencio valladares, luis san salvador rivas carrillo, ana ruth merino diaz, and claudia carolina sanchez flores.    following the shoot-out between the police and rebels in monserrat (name as heard), police found and seized the following weapons in the guerrillas' car: two romanian mp-24 9-mm submachineguns, one north korean 9-mm pistol, one.38 caliber hungarian-made pistol, 4 hand grenades, and 4 sticks of tnt. (end recording)    guzman aguilar said that after the 72 hours that the law allows to process an inmate pass, the eight guerrillas will be turned over to judicial authorities, who will determine the inmates' responsiblity for these acts.    the military officer made these statements at the public security military academy during a ceremony to swear in 19 new national police officers.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(531, 532, ' judicial', 4.890710353851318), (531, 545, " judicial authorities, who will determine the inmates' responsiblity for these", 1.168274998664856), (531, 533, ' judicial authorities', 1.0649943351745605)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>national police director colonel carlos mauricio guzman aguilar announced today that eight guerrillas, members of the fmln urban command units, are being held by the national police. four of the guerrillas were captured in the malaga neighborhood tuesday following a shoot-out with police.    guzman aguilar disclosed that one of the eight guerrillas is the daughter of a university leader. the eight rebels were captured during the past 48 hours and charged with being members of the fmln urban command units. the first four suspected guerrillas were detained after they attacked two policemen and crashed the vehicle they were in. the police seized large-caliber weapons from them.    later, during the police investigation, the four rebels supplied information to locate another urban guerrilla group, the police director noted.    (begin recording) (guzman aguilar) the national police captured four individuals who are members of urban command units. their names are: carlos elias menjivar guevara, rene armando guevara martinez, marco tulio molina escobar, and claudia ines canjura guillen. canjura guillen is the daughter of carlos canjura, who is the president of the university's general assembly.    yesterday, canjura and the university lawyer went to the police station to ask about his daughter's whereabouts.  according to him, she had disappeared 2 or 3 days ago and he had found out that the police were holding her.    based on information supplied by the arrested guerrillas, the police arrested another four individuals yesterday in the zacamillo neighborhood. they are: jaime alexander atencio valladares, luis san salvador rivas carrillo, ana ruth merino diaz, and claudia carolina sanchez flores.    following the shoot-out between the police and rebels in monserrat (name as heard), police found and seized the following weapons in the guerrillas' car: two romanian mp-24 9-mm submachineguns, one north korean 9-mm pistol, one.38 caliber hungarian-made pistol, 4 hand grenades, and 4 sticks of tnt. (end recording)    guzman aguilar said that after the 72 hours that the law allows to process an inmate pass, the eight guerrillas will be turned over to judicial authorities, who will determine the inmates' responsiblity for these acts.    the military officer made these statements at the public security military academy during a ceremony to swear in 19 new national police officers.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(26, 39, ' eight guerrillas, members of the fmln urban command', -1.822796106338501), (26, 47, ' eight guerrillas, members of the fmln urban command units, are being held by the national', -3.195772171020508), (26, 29, ' eight guerr', -3.4357099533081055)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>national police director colonel carlos mauricio guzman aguilar announced today that eight guerrillas, members of the fmln urban command units, are being held by the national police. four of the guerrillas were captured in the malaga neighborhood tuesday following a shoot-out with police.    guzman aguilar disclosed that one of the eight guerrillas is the daughter of a university leader. the eight rebels were captured during the past 48 hours and charged with being members of the fmln urban command units. the first four suspected guerrillas were detained after they attacked two policemen and crashed the vehicle they were in. the police seized large-caliber weapons from them.    later, during the police investigation, the four rebels supplied information to locate another urban guerrilla group, the police director noted.    (begin recording) (guzman aguilar) the national police captured four individuals who are members of urban command units. their names are: carlos elias menjivar guevara, rene armando guevara martinez, marco tulio molina escobar, and claudia ines canjura guillen. canjura guillen is the daughter of carlos canjura, who is the president of the university's general assembly.    yesterday, canjura and the university lawyer went to the police station to ask about his daughter's whereabouts.  according to him, she had disappeared 2 or 3 days ago and he had found out that the police were holding her.    based on information supplied by the arrested guerrillas, the police arrested another four individuals yesterday in the zacamillo neighborhood. they are: jaime alexander atencio valladares, luis san salvador rivas carrillo, ana ruth merino diaz, and claudia carolina sanchez flores.    following the shoot-out between the police and rebels in monserrat (name as heard), police found and seized the following weapons in the guerrillas' car: two romanian mp-24 9-mm submachineguns, one north korean 9-mm pistol, one.38 caliber hungarian-made pistol, 4 hand grenades, and 4 sticks of tnt. (end recording)    guzman aguilar said that after the 72 hours that the law allows to process an inmate pass, the eight guerrillas will be turned over to judicial authorities, who will determine the inmates' responsiblity for these acts.    the military officer made these statements at the public security military academy during a ceremony to swear in 19 new national police officers.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(530, 531, ' judicial', 1.7928099632263184), (530, 544, " judicial authorities, who will determine the inmates' responsiblity for these", -0.8165543079376221), (530, 532, ' judicial authorities', -1.895533561706543)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>national police director colonel carlos mauricio guzman aguilar announced today that eight guerrillas, members of the fmln urban command units, are being held by the national police. four of the guerrillas were captured in the malaga neighborhood tuesday following a shoot-out with police.    guzman aguilar disclosed that one of the eight guerrillas is the daughter of a university leader. the eight rebels were captured during the past 48 hours and charged with being members of the fmln urban command units. the first four suspected guerrillas were detained after they attacked two policemen and crashed the vehicle they were in. the police seized large-caliber weapons from them.    later, during the police investigation, the four rebels supplied information to locate another urban guerrilla group, the police director noted.    (begin recording) (guzman aguilar) the national police captured four individuals who are members of urban command units. their names are: carlos elias menjivar guevara, rene armando guevara martinez, marco tulio molina escobar, and claudia ines canjura guillen. canjura guillen is the daughter of carlos canjura, who is the president of the university's general assembly.    yesterday, canjura and the university lawyer went to the police station to ask about his daughter's whereabouts.  according to him, she had disappeared 2 or 3 days ago and he had found out that the police were holding her.    based on information supplied by the arrested guerrillas, the police arrested another four individuals yesterday in the zacamillo neighborhood. they are: jaime alexander atencio valladares, luis san salvador rivas carrillo, ana ruth merino diaz, and claudia carolina sanchez flores.    following the shoot-out between the police and rebels in monserrat (name as heard), police found and seized the following weapons in the guerrillas' car: two romanian mp-24 9-mm submachineguns, one north korean 9-mm pistol, one.38 caliber hungarian-made pistol, 4 hand grenades, and 4 sticks of tnt. (end recording)    guzman aguilar said that after the 72 hours that the law allows to process an inmate pass, the eight guerrillas will be turned over to judicial authorities, who will determine the inmates' responsiblity for these acts.    the military officer made these statements at the public security military academy during a ceremony to swear in 19 new national police officers.</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(530, 531, ' judicial', 5.480844974517822), (530, 544, " judicial authorities, who will determine the inmates' responsiblity for these", 1.6850324869155884), (530, 532, ' judicial authorities', 1.4017188549041748)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the terrorist manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) in the latest issue of its official publication has reported on the failure last may of its operation aimed at murdering military judge fernando torres silva. the article justifies the operation and reiterates that "the fpmr has not given up its decision to carry out its sentence of capital punishment for this individual."    the issue also publishes an editorial confirming the need to reinvigorate the "national patriotic war." remembering the fpmr fifth anniversary, the editorial urges the militants "to continue the armed fight against tyranny."    a report then reviews the most important terrorist attacks perpetrated in 1988. the report emphasizes the ambush on carabineros patrols, the occupation of lo quenes and agua grande village, and retired colonel rojas lobos\' execution.    some pages are dedicated to raul pellegrini, alias "commander rodrigo," and other fpmr "heroes," including cecilia magni, alias "commander tamara."    the issue, which was distributed a few days before christmas, includes a pamphlet with instructions on how to manufacture bombs, and poems urging the people to join the subversion and the armed fight.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(122, 122, '', -1.9681024551391602), (122, 130, ' militants "to continue the armed fight against', -6.317509174346924), (122, 143, ' militants "to continue the armed fight against tyranny."    a report then reviews the most important terrorist', -6.669488430023193)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the terrorist manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) in the latest issue of its official publication has reported on the failure last may of its operation aimed at murdering military judge fernando torres silva. the article justifies the operation and reiterates that "the fpmr has not given up its decision to carry out its sentence of capital punishment for this individual."    the issue also publishes an editorial confirming the need to reinvigorate the "national patriotic war." remembering the fpmr fifth anniversary, the editorial urges the militants "to continue the armed fight against tyranny."    a report then reviews the most important terrorist attacks perpetrated in 1988. the report emphasizes the ambush on carabineros patrols, the occupation of lo quenes and agua grande village, and retired colonel rojas lobos\' execution.    some pages are dedicated to raul pellegrini, alias "commander rodrigo," and other fpmr "heroes," including cecilia magni, alias "commander tamara."    the issue, which was distributed a few days before christmas, includes a pamphlet with instructions on how to manufacture bombs, and poems urging the people to join the subversion and the armed fight.</s>', 'start_gold': 23, 'end_gold': 40, 'gold': ') in the latest issue of its official publication has reported on the failure last may of', 'candidates': [(122, 122, '', 1.374657392501831), (122, 143, ' militants "to continue the armed fight against tyranny."    a report then reviews the most important terrorist', -3.141340732574463), (122, 130, ' militants "to continue the armed fight against', -3.52040958404541)]}]
[{'context': '<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the terrorist manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) in the latest issue of its official publication has reported on the failure last may of its operation aimed at murdering military judge fernando torres silva. the article justifies the operation and reiterates that "the fpmr has not given up its decision to carry out its sentence of capital punishment for this individual."    the issue also publishes an editorial confirming the need to reinvigorate the "national patriotic war." remembering the fpmr fifth anniversary, the editorial urges the militants "to continue the armed fight against tyranny."    a report then reviews the most important terrorist attacks perpetrated in 1988. the report emphasizes the ambush on carabineros patrols, the occupation of lo quenes and agua grande village, and retired colonel rojas lobos\' execution.    some pages are dedicated to raul pellegrini, alias "commander rodrigo," and other fpmr "heroes," including cecilia magni, alias "commander tamara."    the issue, which was distributed a few days before christmas, includes a pamphlet with instructions on how to manufacture bombs, and poems urging the people to join the subversion and the armed fight.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(44, 52, ' military judge fernando torres sil', 4.0927019119262695), (44, 53, ' military judge fernando torres silva', 0.00031113624572753906), (44, 45, ' military', -0.6446993350982666)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the terrorist manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) in the latest issue of its official publication has reported on the failure last may of its operation aimed at murdering military judge fernando torres silva. the article justifies the operation and reiterates that "the fpmr has not given up its decision to carry out its sentence of capital punishment for this individual."    the issue also publishes an editorial confirming the need to reinvigorate the "national patriotic war." remembering the fpmr fifth anniversary, the editorial urges the militants "to continue the armed fight against tyranny."    a report then reviews the most important terrorist attacks perpetrated in 1988. the report emphasizes the ambush on carabineros patrols, the occupation of lo quenes and agua grande village, and retired colonel rojas lobos\' execution.    some pages are dedicated to raul pellegrini, alias "commander rodrigo," and other fpmr "heroes," including cecilia magni, alias "commander tamara."    the issue, which was distributed a few days before christmas, includes a pamphlet with instructions on how to manufacture bombs, and poems urging the people to join the subversion and the armed fight.</s>', 'start_gold': 198, 'end_gold': 215, 'gold': 'commander rodrigo," and other fpmr "heroes," including c', 'candidates': [(44, 52, ' military judge fernando torres sil', 2.290731430053711), (44, 45, ' military', -1.0479180812835693), (44, 53, ' military judge fernando torres silva', -1.6458063125610352)]}, {'context': '<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the terrorist manuel rodriguez patriotic front (fpmr) in the latest issue of its official publication has reported on the failure last may of its operation aimed at murdering military judge fernando torres silva. the article justifies the operation and reiterates that "the fpmr has not given up its decision to carry out its sentence of capital punishment for this individual."    the issue also publishes an editorial confirming the need to reinvigorate the "national patriotic war." remembering the fpmr fifth anniversary, the editorial urges the militants "to continue the armed fight against tyranny."    a report then reviews the most important terrorist attacks perpetrated in 1988. the report emphasizes the ambush on carabineros patrols, the occupation of lo quenes and agua grande village, and retired colonel rojas lobos\' execution.    some pages are dedicated to raul pellegrini, alias "commander rodrigo," and other fpmr "heroes," including cecilia magni, alias "commander tamara."    the issue, which was distributed a few days before christmas, includes a pamphlet with instructions on how to manufacture bombs, and poems urging the people to join the subversion and the armed fight.</s>', 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(249, 252, ' how to manufacture', -0.01852726936340332), (249, 251, ' how to', -3.5897533893585205), (249, 268, ' how to manufacture bombs, and poems urging the people to join the subversion and the armed fight', -5.318569660186768)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator individuals entities?</s></s>the peruvian police today announced that it will strengthen security on high-tension towers, one of the main terrorist targets in peru, on new year's eve.    civil guards director lieutenant general ruben romero said that the number of police troops guarding the towers will be increased to prevent attacks that could cause blackouts in lima and other areas. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(32, 32, '', -5.764392852783203), (32, 43, " terrorist targets in peru, on new year's eve", -7.013393402099609), (32, 33, ' terrorist', -9.523969650268555)]}]
[{'context': "<s>who are the perpetrator organizations entities?</s></s>the peruvian police today announced that it will strengthen security on high-tension towers, one of the main terrorist targets in peru, on new year's eve.    civil guards director lieutenant general ruben romero said that the number of police troops guarding the towers will be increased to prevent attacks that could cause blackouts in lima and other areas. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(32, 32, '', -4.448193550109863), (32, 43, " terrorist targets in peru, on new year's eve", -6.542664527893066), (32, 33, ' terrorist', -8.783286094665527)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the targets entities?</s></s>the peruvian police today announced that it will strengthen security on high-tension towers, one of the main terrorist targets in peru, on new year's eve.    civil guards director lieutenant general ruben romero said that the number of police troops guarding the towers will be increased to prevent attacks that could cause blackouts in lima and other areas. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(31, 35, ' terrorist targets in per', -2.255516529083252), (31, 32, ' terrorist', -2.2948355674743652), (31, 31, '', -2.86010479927063)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the victims entities?</s></s>the peruvian police today announced that it will strengthen security on high-tension towers, one of the main terrorist targets in peru, on new year's eve.    civil guards director lieutenant general ruben romero said that the number of police troops guarding the towers will be increased to prevent attacks that could cause blackouts in lima and other areas. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(10, 11, ' per', -7.387819290161133), (10, 12, ' peruvian', -8.113157272338867), (10, 32, ' peruvian police today announced that it will strengthen security on high-tension towers, one of the main terrorist', -8.430133819580078)]}, {'context': "<s>who are the weapons entities?</s></s>the peruvian police today announced that it will strengthen security on high-tension towers, one of the main terrorist targets in peru, on new year's eve.    civil guards director lieutenant general ruben romero said that the number of police troops guarding the towers will be increased to prevent attacks that could cause blackouts in lima and other areas. (passage omitted)</s>", 'start_gold': 0, 'end_gold': 0, 'gold': '', 'candidates': [(46, 47, ' civil', 0.6033645868301392), (46, 61, ' civil guards director lieutenant general ruben romero said that the number of police', -1.4330718517303467), (46, 60, ' civil guards director lieutenant general ruben romero said that the number of', -2.996906280517578)]}]
